--------------------------------------------------------------
http://www.cnn.com/2017/03/17/health/health-care-global-uk-national-health-system-eprise/index.html

----SUMMARY ARTICLE---
Their health care is free and universal and has been since the formation of the country's National Health Service in 1948.
But as the demand for health care has increased across all levels of care -- primary, secondary and tertiary -- so has the strain on this once-coveted health system -- particularly on its finances.
According to the Kings Fund, an independent health care charity, the National Health Service is halfway through its most austere decade ever.
The Western country spending the most on its health care is the US, which spent 17.1% of its GDP on health care in 2014.
At the core of the debate around health care, money alone is not the issue; it's the model of care.

----TEXT INSIDE ARTICLE---
(CNN) In a doctor's waiting room in South London sit three people of varying ages and ethnicities, waiting among a sea of empty green plastic chairs.

It's Tuesday afternoon in the Hetherington Group Practice, which serves more than 8,500 people from dozens of miles in every direction from its base in the bustling area of Brixton.

Adorning the many notice boards on the walls are posters asking people to get flu vaccinations, to embrace more walking as part of their day to day and to speak up if they feel that they may have symptoms of bowel cancer.

Another poster informs that the Accident and Emergency room at the local hospital "won't kiss it better," appealing to people not to visit their local ER when something is not urgent.

Records from the National Health Service show that the numbers of people visiting an emergency room in England have risen from just over 4.5 million per quarter in 2004 to almost 6 million per quarter by the end of 2017 -- almost a 25% increase.

The "patient pod" at the Hetherington Group Practice allows those registered to monitor their vitals and their mood in their own time.

In the corner of the waiting room sits a "patient pod" consisting of a computer, a blood pressure machine and scale, for people to measure their vitals in their own time.

They can even monitor their mood by answering a series of questions about how they're feeling and what they're thinking. The practice has more than 230 patients registered with severe mental health problems, such as psychosis.

"It's about managing demand," said Dr. Steve Mowle, one of the nine physicians at the practice and a spokesman for the Royal College of General Practitioners

This "pod" and the option of a phone consultation aren't the norm for all general practitioners' facilities but Mowle -- like any other GP in the United Kingdom -- has a budget to spend on his practice each year, based on a capitation, an amount paid from the government's budget per patient registered. He and his partners may use it how best they see fit to meet the multiple needs of their large patient base.

Demand on the practice has increased significantly in recent years.

Unusually, the rise is not in terms of patient numbers, which have in fact fallen, but by people living longer with greater numbers of increasingly complex conditions to manage. Each day, Mowle will have contact with 40 to 50 patients, he explained, with 60% of those in person and the rest through phone consultations.

"My clinics are longer," Mowle said. A clinic represents a half-day of seeing patients and is meant to last three hours each. His clinics routinely last at least five hours.

Steve Mowle works at the Hetherington Group Practice in London, contacting 50 patients, on average, each day.

"Being a full-time GP is impossible," he said, adding that there is "more and more administration" on top of seeing patients.

The demographic of his patient base is as vast as the region the practice covers, ranging from the homeless, newly arrived refugees and blue-collar workers to high-earning middle-class and lawyers and bankers whose houses are worth millions. More than 140 languages are spoken locally.

Despite their differences, the patients at this clinic -- and anywhere else in the UK -- have one thing in common: Not one of them will pay or receive a bill for the care they receive here.

Their health care is free and universal and has been since the formation of the country's National Health Service in 1948.

The population's health care is funded through tax and compulsory national insurance contributions deducted from income, which go toward many state benefits.

But as the demand for health care has increased across all levels of care -- primary, secondary and tertiary -- so has the strain on this once-coveted health system -- particularly on its finances.

A changing climate for health care

Health care budgets in the UK have been plateauing, with only minor increases in spending, as percentages of gross domestic product spent on it have been declining.

According to the Kings Fund, an independent health care charity, the National Health Service is halfway through its most austere decade ever. Figures from the World Bank reflect this: In 2009, the UK spent 9.8% of its GDP on health care; by 2014, it fell to 9.1%, according to the World Bank.

Along with this came more people, who are living longer and with multiple conditions like diabetes and heart disease that require treatments also rising in cost. Meanwhile, hospital bed numbers have fallen, numbers visiting emergency rooms have risen, and the demand for social care -- such as home care or equipment -- in the community has increased with limited services in place to provide it, again leaving more people with fewer hospital beds.

"The current situation is unsustainable," said Dr. Ian Eardley, vice president of the Royal College of Surgeons in the UK and practicing surgeon at a hospital in Leeds. "There are patients who are medically fit but can't get help in the community, or support, to leave hospital."

Austerity has brought extended wait times for people seeking elective or routine treatments, such as knee or hip surgery, while emergency treatments for serious issues such as cancer or heart attacks continue to be treated promptly, as they should, according to Mowle.

Guidance requires anyone in the UK with signs of cancer be seen within two weeks.

"(But) you can't bring patients in for elective surgeries," said Eardley, who further stressed the complexities surrounding people living longer.

"People often live longer with other medical problems being controlled and managed," he said, adding that greater expectations by patients today and the tendency to discuss cases in greater detail all add time and strain to an already overwhelmed system.

Another financial constraint is the increasing, but important, role of computing.

"Most of these countries have seen a need for increased spending with changing technology," said Martin McKee, professor of European public health at the London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine.

Real National Health Service spending in 2015-16 increased by just 1.6%, according to the Kings Fund.

"The budget has been frozen for too long," McKee said.

More funding is needed, he said, to decrease the debt owed by hospitals whose budgets were not enough and to ensure a greater transition from care settings into the community.

Is more spending better for health care?

The UK spring budget for 2017 announced last week pledged £2 billion ($2.5 billion) toward adult social care over the next three years to "ease pressure on the NHS."

£425 million ($525 million) was also announced to be invested in the NHS in the next three years, with £100 million ($125 million) going to Accident and Emergency departments in 2017-18, to help them manage increasing demand.

Experts like McKee and Eardley welcome the investment, but believe it will not be enough.

"The UK is not exceptional," McKee said, adding that other countries have similar levels of health care coverage using a tax-based system, including Finland, Sweden, Portugal and Spain. "The broad model of tax-based funding is common in quite a few countries."

A recent report from the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (PDF) highlighted that, although access to care in the UK is good, the quality of care is uneven and continues to lag behind that of many other countries.

McKee also highlighted Germany and France, which spent 11.3% and 11.5% of their GDPs on health care, respectively, in 2014 and have more beds per capita, more doctors per 1,000 people and longer life expectancies

Germany and France use a social insurance model to pay for their health care: Deductions are taken from income, but unlike in the US, everyone is covered, and companies don't make a profit. Those contributing also "own" the organizations involved through boards and unions, McKee said.

People pay a fee at the point of care, though it's just $5 to $11 in Germany and $25 in France, which is often reimbursed.

The Western country spending the most on its health care is the US, which spent 17.1% of its GDP on health care in 2014.

Yet a series of factors -- such as a lower life expectancy and uneven coverage -- highlight that increased expenditure alone is not always a good thing. A system to manage it best is key.

"The US is an outlier internationally," McKee said. "No one would say the US (model) is good ... for the population."

Treatments and new technologies for conditions such as cancer often lead from the US, but the key issues are access and the varying amounts that could be charged as a fee to provide them.

McKee added that the private insurance-based model in the US, covering only those who are insured, leads to companies in the industry working toward profit. "This leads to more division and less universal coverage," he said.

"If you have lots of money, you get good care," Eardley said about US health care. "If you don't have money, you don't fit into the system," he added, calling such a system "wasteful."

Experts in the UK are eager to stress the cost-efficiency of the National Health Service. According to the Royal College of General Practitioners, the UK pays the least per patient than most countries in the West.

In comparison with the US, Europe's universal coverage, with tax- and social-fund-based financing through contributions, spends less and has more care that's better, according to McKee.

Many countries on the continent still have a small sector of patients using private insurance. In the UK, an estimated 11% of the population has private insurance, often through their employers. In Germany, top earners can opt out of the public system and pay privately instead, representing an estimated 10% of Germans.

At the core of the debate around health care, money alone is not the issue; it's the model of care.

What is health care?

"Health care should be free at the point of delivery," said Dr. Richard Kerr, a council member of the Royal College of Surgeons in the UK and consultant neurosurgeon at a large regional hospital in Oxford. "There is a fee structure behind it, but when a patient comes to see me ... the issue of money never comes into it."

Kerr believes countries worldwide can learn from those on mainland Europe, such as Germany and France, where the population receives great care, in his opinion, with good quality but pays more for it through taxes. "They are taxed higher but have much more investigative health care," Kerr said.

"We should look at the different models of health care and take the good aspects of it ... without getting rid of the basics of what we've got," he added. "But what you get for your buck is more here."

With the UK being more cost-efficient, he ponders whether that is something to be proud of. "If you receive the same level of care with less money," that is indeed a point of pride. But with patient waiting times up to 20 weeks in some cases, he added, that is not the case.

The neuroscience department at his hospital in Oxford is the regional hospital, a point of tertiary care where patients requiring specialist procedures are referred from their district hospitals. It serves more than 2.8 million people across a 100-mile radius, said Kerr, with just 60 beds in his main ward and another 13 in the intensive care unit.

The building is just a decade old, light and airy in design, but as he walks through the wards, he highlights the shuffling he and his team do on a regular basis between main wards and the ICU to ensure that all patients can access a bed and undergo their procedures.

Staffers borrow beds between the departments, he explains, so spare beds in the ICU will sometimes be used for his less severe cases. But he shows further frustration with the lack of social care resources for patients away from his hospital, such as the provision of home carers or equipment to keep them mobile, or changes to make their homes more accessible or to help them access day centers. These are crucial, he believes, particularly as the population continues to live longer.

Neurosurgeon Richard Kerr faces the challenge of bed shortages in his hospital in Oxford most weeks.

Between 2014 to 2015, 72% of more than 1.8 million new requests for social care support requested from councils in England were clients aged 65 and over, according to NHS data

In addition to keeping beds unnecessarily occupied, resulting in a "domino effect," he explains that "if a patient has social care needs, a busy environment (like a hospital) isn't the best place for them," he said.

Neurosurgical procedures vary also greatly, with some patients needing just 24 hours to recover while others have stayed as long as 100 days.

"We have to cancel patients at short notice sometimes," he said, not only leaving patients untreated but leaving surgeons unable to do their jobs.

During this visit, Kerr is smiling, as for once, he has some beds going spare on his wards. He is ready for whatever comes his way. This is not the norm, he said.

"There is pressure on us now, but this is not new," he said of demands on the wards and his outpatient clinics. "My clinic overruns. It always does ... so there's frustration there."

But Kerr wants to carry these realities forward and kick-start a debate to get the UK government investing more for even greater efficiency, enabling greater capacity to deliver care.

"When I'm old and crumbly, I don't want to have to wait," he said, thinking of his patients. He and others in the field want reform or restructuring to get people discussing what health care is, as its meaning has changed dramatically since the National Health Service's inception.

"We need a commission," he said, stating a need to push for patients, cross-party politicians, policymakers and medical practitioners to come together to define health care.

Mowle agreed, adding that the separation of "health care" and "social care" is no longer acceptable and is what has led to the fragmentation of services in the UK.

Join the conversation See the latest news and share your comments with CNN Health on Facebook and Twitter.

"We need a debate asking, what do you want out of health care?" Kerr said. "Do you want to continue treating everything? Yes, you do, but we can't do it under the current financial envelope."

Currently within the health service, certain conditions are not covered -- such as more cosmetic procedures -- leaving some patients unsatisfied.

The need to identify what people on each side of the debate believe health care to be, and which aspects they prioritize, will help manage expectations as well as resources, Kerr explains, not only in the UK, but also more globally.

He believes this will lead to a happier and more satisfied patient base, particularly among those left behind -- either waiting in the UK or uninsured in the US. But it won't be easy.

"Health care is incredibly complex. ... The growing number of older people with multi-morbidities are having very very complex trajectories through the health and social care system," McKee said. "We shouldn't underestimate the challenges."

--------------------------------------------------------------
http://www.cnn.com/2016/02/24/health/teen-dating-abuse-thatsnotlove-one-love-foundation/index.html

----SUMMARY ARTICLE---
It's all part of a #ThatsNotLove campaign that One Love Foundation officially launched back in October.
The One Love Foundation hopes #ThatsNotLove starts a movement.
"The topic of relationship violence is so heavy.
That's what relationship violence is," she said.
"So we're hoping that relationship violence will be appalling behavior and something that you speak up against right away."

----TEXT INSIDE ARTICLE---
Kelly Wallace is CNN's digital correspondent and editor-at-large covering family, career and life. Read her other columns and follow her reports at CNN Parents and on Twitter @kellywallacetv.

(CNN) Looking back, Mattis Collier, now 20 and a junior at the University of South Carolina, can see all the warning signs.

"It was a very quick relationship. I didn't know him very well ... but the jealousy, the rage, all of that stuff came pretty soon after," said Collier about her ex-boyfriend, whom she started dating early in high school.

There was so much isolation, she says, remembering how he went through her phone one time, deleting all of her male friends in her contacts and on Facebook, and how he told her she couldn't talk to guys or go to parties.

Reluctant to get too specific, she says the relationship was abusive in multiple ways. Ultimately, she cut off communication with him after she started college.

"I was very blind to the situation, and you know, when it's your first love and all of that, you really think that that kind of thing is, 'Oh it won't happen again,' or 'He was just so mad,' or 'I lied to him so I deserved that,' but it progressively got worse."

Yeardley Love was beaten to death by her ex-boyfriend in 2010.

This summer, Collier's father wore a "One Love" baseball cap to support the One Love Foundation -- an organization created in honor of Yeardley Love , the University of Virginia lacrosse player who was beaten to death by her ex-boyfriend just three weeks before she would have graduated in May 2010.

Collier's father encouraged her to check out the foundation. "I think that was his way of saying, 'I'm wearing this hat in honor of a girl that was not as lucky as you.'"

So one night she went up to her room and looked up every news article and video she could find about One Love, and made a decision to create a campus organization called Team One Love at her college this past fall. "I was like, 'OK, if I don't do this for anyone else, I'm going to do it for myself.'"

Mattis Collier's sign says, "I will never let you go even when you want to. #ThatsNotLove"

There are now 40 active Team One Loves on college campuses across the country and nearly 6,000 Team One Love members. The goal is for the students to take the lead in educating and empowering their peers about the signs and dangers of relationship abuse. It's all part of a #ThatsNotLove campaign that One Love Foundation officially launched back in October.

'Every kid has a stake in solving this problem'

But this goes way beyond a campaign. The One Love Foundation hopes #ThatsNotLove starts a movement.

"I think the idea behind #ThatsNotLove is how can we think of a lot of different, creative ways to emphasize the same core message, which is that there is a difference between relationships that are about love and relationships that are about control, that you can see in some of the earliest phases of a relationship behaviors that are healthy and unhealthy," said Katie Hood, chief executive officer of the One Love Foundation.

"We're trying to sort of make this very clear, that every kid has a stake in solving this problem. Every kid has a stake in working for change and thereby make it easier for people to do so," she said.

To drill that point home and get to teens and college students where they are -- on social media -- One Love worked with an outside agency to create "couplets," eight digital shorts featuring animated emojis, which in a very clear-cut way indicate how intensity, obsession, isolation, disrespect, blame, control, anger and put-downs are most definitely not love.

Since the couplets were launched this month in honor of Teen Dating Violence Awareness and Protection Month, they have been viewed nearly 5 million times and counting, according to One Love.

"They demonstrate exactly what we're trying to say with 'That's not love,' but they do it a lighthearted way," said Sharon Love, Yeardley's mother and the founder of the One Love Foundation. "They're not threatening. They're very simple but they bring the point home directly."

Added Lexie Love Hodges, Yeardley's sister: "They can capture a whole relationship in five seconds." People don't always recognize relationship abuse when they read an article about it or listen to someone talk about it, she said, but here they can see the behavior demonstrated in a way they might click with.

"The topic of relationship violence is so heavy. I think that's why it's not talked about often and I think that the couplets ... make it more approachable for friends to bring it up in a different way," she said.

In addition to the digital shorts, two public service announcements also titled "That's Not Love" have been released, and have been viewed more than 5 million times on Facebook and YouTube since October.

'We were so clueless'

Relationship abuse is an issue that was never discussed in her household, Sharon Love said during a phone interview from her home in Baltimore.

"We were so clueless," she said, adding that she and her family knew nothing about it and didn't feel like it was a topic they needed to be concerned about either. "We didn't realize there were signs, and we're trying to turn that upside down. ... The signs are somewhat obvious but they're masked as love. You can think that they're madly in love with you when they're really just trying to control you."

"I feel like what we thought of domestic violence was of someone that was married with children, that was stuck in a situation, that was dependent on the abuser and couldn't get out," said Love, saying what came to mind was Farrah Fawcett's portrayal in the movie about domestic violence, "The Burning Bed."

"That was like stuck in my head. That's what relationship violence is," she said.

It didn't ever occur to her that relationship abuse could impact young people, let alone that young women in Yeardley's age group were at the highest risk.

On May 3, 2010, when Yeardley was just 22 and weeks away from her college graduation, Sharon Love awoke to police officers at her front door. Life as she and her family knew it was completely over.

The MADD for relationship abuse?

Determined to raise awareness among teens and help them recognize the warning signs of abusive relationships, Sharon Love started the foundation in the hopes of doing for relationship abuse what Mothers Against Drunk Driving has done for drinking and driving.

"They changed a whole mentality, with generations now thinking it's appalling to drink and drive. My generation didn't think anything of it," she said. "So we're hoping that relationship violence will be appalling behavior and something that you speak up against right away."

The foundation created a film called "Escalation," which showcases a fictional relationship between two students, Paige and Chase, that starts to turn very wrong, very quickly. In the film, Chase wants to be with Paige all the time, gets jealous when she spends time with men, begins to isolate her from her friends and grows increasingly more angry and violent as she starts to pull away. The film has a tragic ending and concludes with photos of young women who in real life were killed by their abusive partners.

I watched the film last year as it was being rolled out on college campuses around the country. It left me shaken and so upset. I watched it again before writing this piece and feel exactly the same way.

So far, the film -- along with a 45-minute workshop led by student facilitators -- has been shown nearly 700 times at colleges and high schools across the country, with nearly 35,000 students participating. According to Hood of One Love, nearly 90% of students who participated in workshops said they thought it should be required viewing at their school, and 97% said they would recommend it to a friend even if it wasn't required.

'Rocketed' to understanding

The goal, an ambitious one, is to have 100% of students on every campus in the U.S. see the film and participate in a workshop, said Hood.

"Because movement is our goal, we just want as many eyeballs to see it as possible," she said. "We now think that if ultimately we want to change the social climate on campuses, so that people can speak up when they see things, then it can't just be a pocket of kids that see it. It has to be many, many more."

I wondered why One Love wouldn't just release the film on YouTube and allow teens across the country and around the world to see it. Hood said there are two reasons. First, it could be triggering for someone who is an abusive relationship, she said, and you would want to make sure there were resources available or you could communicate to that person what resources are available when they watched it. And second, she said, while the film is powerful, the workshops are more powerful.

"You walk in, you think this has nothing to do with you. And in 38 minutes, which is the length of the film ... you're sort of rocketed to not only understanding the issue, being more aware of it, you recognize that you've seen it before," said Hood. "You have a connection to it."

Because ultimately, that's part of the sad reality of relationship abuse. We all most likely know someone who has experienced this.

"It doesn't discriminate. It's not just poor people. It's not just people without fathers or mothers or guidance. It's everybody. It's your sorority sister. It's your friend. It's your sibling. It's your child," said Mattis Collier, who hopes to be able to work with One Love after her graduation in December and then go to law school to work on the issue of domestic violence in college athletics.

"And I think it's very important for people to realize that you need to talk about it and you need to explain it while you're younger. It's not just bruises that are giveaways for an abusive relationship. ... It's how someone talks to you. It's how someone treats you. It's how someone talks about you to others."

Showing people they have a role to play

Collier wishes the "Escalation" workshop were required at her high school and college. Right now, just over 40 schools require it with a subset of students, including athletic teams, fraternities and sororities, and freshmen, according to One Love.

"I wish that this was a required seminar for high school, for college students, because the lack of knowledge and education awareness in our country is astounding," said Collier.

As One Love looks to the future, it hopes not only to increase the number of schools where "Escalation" workshops are held and also increase the number of schools where they are required, but also to deepen the engagement of students, with more Team One Loves -- more students like Collier facilitating workshops, training students to be workshop facilitators and holding "That's Not Love" events where they write words on sheets to match what love is and what it is not.

"It may sound crazy to have these ambitious goals about starting a movement and getting to 100% of the kids on college campuses," said Hood, "but it's sort of pretty simple what we're trying to do. We're trying to just wake people up to their personal connection and get them to develop their voice and understanding that they have a role to play."

What drives Sharon Love and the rest of her family is trying to prevent what happened to Yeardley from happening to any other young person in a relationship.

"I feel pretty confident already that we are saving lives," she said. "We've gotten so many letters from so many people that have gotten out of a bad situation, and really just one of those letters makes it all worthwhile."

--------------------------------------------------------------
http://www.cnn.com/2017/07/29/us/say-hello-to-a-post-america-world-zakaria/index.html

----SUMMARY ARTICLE---
(CNN) The most dismaying of Pew's findings is that the drop in regard for America goes well beyond Trump.
Sixty-four percent of the people surveyed expressed a favorable view of the United States at the end of the Obama presidency.
Even when U.S. foreign policy was unpopular, people around the world still believed in America -- the place, the idea.
In 2008, I wrote a book about the emerging "Post-American World," which, I noted at the start, was not about the decline of America but rather the rise of the rest.
Amid the parochialism, ineptitude and sheer disarray of the Trump presidency, the post-American world is coming to fruition much faster than I ever expected.

----TEXT INSIDE ARTICLE---
(CNN) The most dismaying of Pew's findings is that the drop in regard for America goes well beyond Trump. Sixty-four percent of the people surveyed expressed a favorable view of the United States at the end of the Obama presidency. That has fallen to 49 percent now. Even when U.S. foreign policy was unpopular, people around the world still believed in America -- the place, the idea. This is less true today.

In 2008, I wrote a book about the emerging "Post-American World," which, I noted at the start, was not about the decline of America but rather the rise of the rest. Amid the parochialism, ineptitude and sheer disarray of the Trump presidency, the post-American world is coming to fruition much faster than I ever expected.

--------------------------------------------------------------
http://money.cnn.com/2017/09/21/investing/kathy-griffin-kb-home-ceo-mezger-bonus-cut/index.html?section=money_topstories

----SUMMARY ARTICLE---
The bonus of Jeffrey Mezger, one of the most powerful people in real estate, will be slashed by 25% after he went on an anti-gay tirade against his neighbor, comedian Kathy Griffin.
Mezger, the CEO of homebuilder KB Home, used multiple homophobic and sexist slurs against Griffin and her partner.
KB Home (KBH) revealed on Thursday that its board of directors decided to cut Mezger's 2017 bonus by 25%.
During the tirade, Mezger alluded to Griffin's firing from CNN, which occurred after she posted the bloody photos resembling Trump.
Mezger called Griffin a "bald" anti-gay slur who Trump "kind of put the heat on."

----TEXT INSIDE ARTICLE---
The bonus of Jeffrey Mezger, one of the most powerful people in real estate, will be slashed by 25% after he went on an anti-gay tirade against his neighbor, comedian Kathy Griffin.

Mezger, the CEO of homebuilder KB Home, used multiple homophobic and sexist slurs against Griffin and her partner. The tirade was caught on a security camera and a two-minute clip was published on Tuesday by HuffPost.

"Let's declare war, ass---- ... Let's bring it on, you b----," Mezger said during one of the tamer parts of the security camera audio recording.

The verbal outburst occurred last weekend after Griffin and her partner called the police to report a noise disturbance on Mezger's property.

KB Home (KBH) revealed on Thursday that its board of directors decided to cut Mezger's 2017 bonus by 25%. It warned him that a similar incident will result in his firing.

"Mr. Mezger's recent behavior in his personal dealings with a neighbor is unacceptable and a negative reflection on KB Home," the directors wrote in a filing.

Related: Trump attacks ESPN after anchor calls him a white supremacist

But KB Home's board, which is responsible for holding its CEO accountable, stopped short of firing Mezger, its chief executive since 2006.

The board said Mezger "has always conducted himself in a professional manner" during his tenure at the company. It also said Mezger has the "full and complete confidence" of the board.

KB Home's board is led by Dorene Dominguez, who serves as its chair. It also includes Melissa Lora, president of Taco Bell, and BET founder Robert Johnson.

KB Home did not respond to a request for further comment.

In a statement provided to HuffPost, KB Home said Mezger apologized for "losing his temper over a supposed noise complaint involving his three young grandchildren in his swimming pool around 8 p.m. on Saturday, while they were being supervised by their mother and grandmother."

"He apologizes for the language he used," the statement said, "as it does not reflect who he is or what he believes."

Griffin was fired by CNN in May after posting a photo of a bloody head resembling that of President Trump. During the tirade, Mezger alluded to Griffin's firing from CNN, which occurred after she posted the bloody photos resembling Trump. Griffin has apologized for the incident, which Trump said the comedian "should be ashamed of herself" for.

Mezger called Griffin a "bald" anti-gay slur who Trump "kind of put the heat on."

--------------------------------------------------------------
http://money.cnn.com/2017/09/20/news/economy/puerto-rico-maria-rebuilding/index.html

----SUMMARY ARTICLE---
Puerto Rico is already in an 11-year economic recession.
"Puerto Rico, in terms of the infrastructure, will not be the same."
Puerto Rico is already suffering through an epic economic crisis.
Some experts say Maria's aftermath is an opportunity for Puerto Rico to rebuild roads, bridges and other infrastructure that desperately needed a makeover.
"It's almost like wiping the slate clean," says Cate Long, founder of the Puerto Rico Clearinghouse, an independent research firm focused on the island's debts.

----TEXT INSIDE ARTICLE---
Puerto Rico is already in an 11-year economic recession. Now it must start rebuilding after Hurricane Maria left the island knocked out flat.

The island was completely without electricity Wednesday.

"This is total devastation," said Carlos Mercader, a spokesman for Puerto Rico's governor. "Puerto Rico, in terms of the infrastructure, will not be the same."

The total extent of the damage isn't known yet, but the visuals are telling: Roofs blown off, flooded streets, shattered windows, debris and remnants of palm trees strewn about. It was the strongest hurricane to hit the island since 1932.

Estimates of the financial toll are likely to start coming in over coming days. But the price tag will be large.

The Federal Emergency Management Agency, Congress and private insurance firms will take on the lion's share of that cost. But Puerto Rico's cash-strapped local government will have to take on some costs, too.

"We don't know what the aftermath of the hurricanes will be, but there will clearly be federal help to rebuild the infrastructure of both the Virgin Islands and Puerto Rico," says John Mousseau, an expert on Puerto Rican debt at Cumberland Advisors, a firm based in Florida.

Puerto Rico is already suffering through an epic economic crisis. There's no way it could foot the entire bill itself. In May, it filed for the largest municipal bankruptcy in U.S. history.

The government owes $74 billion to bondholders and it hasn't made a payment in over a year. It is trying to work out a payment schedule with an oversight board installed by Congress. This past summer, the island's government and the oversight board bickered over what the board called a lack of progress in a debt payment plan.

The island suffers from severely high unemployment -- more than 10% -- and an exodus of residents who have fled to the mainland U.S. for better job opportunities. Over 400,000 residents have left the island since 2004 -- 89,000 last year alone, according to the Pew Research Center. The current population is about 3.4 million.

There is a ray of hope in the gloom. Some experts say Maria's aftermath is an opportunity for Puerto Rico to rebuild roads, bridges and other infrastructure that desperately needed a makeover.

Plus, the recovery and reconstruction efforts could create much-needed jobs on the island.

"It's almost like wiping the slate clean," says Cate Long, founder of the Puerto Rico Clearinghouse, an independent research firm focused on the island's debts. "All the rebuilding will boost the economy."

--------------------------------------------------------------
http://bleacherreport.com/articles/2734044-epl-100-ranking-of-premier-leagues-best-players-after-matchday-5?utm_source=cnn.com&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=editorial

----SUMMARY ARTICLE---
That fierce battle for supremacy also filters into our EPL 100, as the two clubs boast many of the top-performing players in each position.
They are divided into seven different position groups and are based solely on performances in the Premier League in 2017-18.
Twice he denied Everton with the score at 1-0, ensuring the game did not swing against the Red Devils.
He played well against Tottenham Hotspur at Wembley Stadium on Sunday and collected his third clean sheet of the campaign.
Just below him, Cedric Soares and Kyle Walker continue to impress, steadily creeping upward, while the fact Kiko Femenia was injured and missed Watford's 6-0 defeat to Manchester City keeps his stock intact.

----TEXT INSIDE ARTICLE---
BEN STANSALL/Getty Images

After five gameweeks, the Premier League table shows the Manchester clubs neck and neck at the summit—level on points, goal difference and even goals scored. That fierce battle for supremacy also filters into our EPL 100, as the two clubs boast many of the top-performing players in each position.

We have updated our lists to take into account the latest weekend of action. They are divided into seven different position groups and are based solely on performances in the Premier League in 2017-18.

To be eligible, a player must have taken part in at least half the games his team has played.

Goalkeepers

Alex Livesey/Getty Images

David De Gea retains the No. 1 spot and this week put significant distance between himself and the rest of the pack.

He has four clean sheets from five games, but even in the relatively easy wins, he's still required to pull off a few impressive stops. Twice he denied Everton with the score at 1-0, ensuring the game did not swing against the Red Devils.

Lukasz Fabianski's form looks like it's going to be crucial to Swansea City's relegation battle this year. He played well against Tottenham Hotspur at Wembley Stadium on Sunday and collected his third clean sheet of the campaign.

He will need to keep doing that and hope his team-mates can figure out how to find the back of the opposition net at the same time.

Biggest rise: Lukasz Fabianski (+4)

Biggest fall: Jordan Pickford (-3)

Top 10 Goalkeepers Rank Player Club 1 David De Gea (Stay) M anchester United 2 Jonas Lossl (Stay) Huddersfield Town 3 Jack Butland (Stay) Stoke City 4 Lukasz Fabianski (+4) Swansea City 5 Rob Elliot (Stay) Newcastle United 6 Ben Foster (Stay) West Bromwich Albion 7 Jordan Pickford (-3) Everton 8 Thibaut Courtois (+1) C helsea 9 Kasper Schmeichel (-2) Leicester City 10 Ederson Moraes (New!) Manchester City

Right-Backs/Right-Wing-Backs

Dan Mullan/Getty Images

The emphatic combination of a rocket strike and a clean sheet ensures Antonio Valencia keeps his throne this week.

Just below him, Cedric Soares and Kyle Walker continue to impress, steadily creeping upward, while the fact Kiko Femenia was injured and missed Watford's 6-0 defeat to Manchester City keeps his stock intact.

Quality right-back performances have been in short supply across the league. You're reaching for names after the top seven here.

Biggest rise: Kyle Walker (+2)

Biggest fall: Multiple (-1)

Top 10 RBs/RWBs Rank Player Club 1 Antonio Valencia (Stay) Manchester United 2 Cedric Soares (+1) Southampton 3 Kiko Femenia (-1) Watford 4 Kyle Walker (+2) Manchester City 5 Danilo (Stay) Manchester City 6 Tommy Smith (+1) Huddersfield Town 7 Allan Nyom (-1) West Bromwich Albion 8 Matthew Lowton (+1) Burnley 9 Victor Moses (-1) Chelsea 10 Adam Smith (New!) Bournemouth

Left-Backs/Left Wing-Backs

Catherine Ivill - AMA/Getty Images

Sead Kolasinac has now played more minutes at left wing-back than he has at centre-back, so he's able to switch categories. He comes in at No. 1 having put in another strong showing at the weekend, leapfrogging the subdued Marcos Alonso and the rested Ben Davies.

Chris Lowe's brilliant start to the campaign has begun to falter, and his giving away of a penalty in rash circumstances against Leicester City sees him fall to eighth.

On the whole, the performance levels in this position have been far stronger than at right-back.

Biggest rise: Sead Kolasinac (+5)

Biggest fall: Chris Lowe (-4)

Top 10 LBs/LWBs Rank Player Club 1 Sead Kolasinac (+5) Arsenal 2 Ben Davies (Stay) Tottenham Hotspur 3 Marcos Alonso (Stay) Chelsea 4 Benjamin Mendy (+1) Manchester City 5 Daley Blind (-2) Manchester United 6 Ryan Bertrand (Stay) Southampton 7 Stephen Ward (+1) Burnley 8 Chris Lowe (-4) Huddersfield Town 9 Chancel Mbemba (Stay) Newcastle United 10 Chris Brunt (New!) West Bromwich Albion

Centre-Backs

Ian MacNicol/Getty Images

The biggest risers this week can be found here, where certain individuals are starting to heat up.

John Stones put in a stunning performance at Watford on Saturday, killing the home side with accurate passing and wrapping up their attacking runners well. Jamaal Lascelles was similarly impactful, netting his second goal of the season to give Newcastle United another valuable three-point haul.

Burnley duo Ben Mee and James Tarkowski continue to play out of their skins. How much longer will they keep this up?

Biggest rise: John Stones (+12), Jamaal Lascelles (+9)

Biggest fall: Zanka (-5)

Top 20 CBs Rank Player Club 1 Eric Bailly (+1) Manchester United 2 Christopher Schindler (-1) Huddersfield Town 3 Ben Mee (Stay) Burnley 4 James Tarkowski (+3) Burnley 5 Kurt Zouma (+2) Stoke City 6 John Stones (+12) Manchester City 7 Jamaal Lascelles (+9) Newcastle United 8 Jan Vertonghen (+1) Tottenham Hotspur 9 Ciaran Clark (+2) Newcastle United 10 Phil Jones (Stay) Manchester United 11 Cesar Azpilicueta (-3) C helsea 12 Zanka (-5)

Huddersfield Town 13 Toby Alderweireld (Stay) T ottenham Hotspur 14 Ahmed Hegazi (+6) West Bromwich Albion 15 Maya Yoshida (New!) Southampton 16 Federico Fernandez (New!) Swansea City 17 Shkodran Mustafi (New!) Arsenal 18 Harry Maguire (-1) Leicester City

19 Alfie Mawson (New!) Swansea City 20 Lewis Dunk (New!) Brighton

Defensive Midfielders/Central Midfielders

PAUL ELLIS/Getty Images

There's change at the top in this section, with Manchester City duo Kevin De Bruyne and David Silva rising to the top two spots after more scintillating showings against Watford.

Nemanja Matic's own excellent performance against Everton allows him to stay in third, while the injured Paul Pogba drops just below him. Fernandinho's complex role stabilising this brilliant City attack is rewarded with the fifth spot.

Abdoulaye Doucoure and Nathaniel Chalobah take big hits to their stock for their part in the 6-0 drubbing they received.

Biggest rise: Kevin De Bruyne (+6), Fernandinho (+6)

Biggest fall: Abdoulaye Doucoure (-6)

Top 20 DMs/CMs Rank Player Club 1 David Silva (+3) Manchester City 2 Kevin De Bruyne (+6) Manchester City 3 Nemanja Matic (Stay) Manchester United 4 Paul Pogba (-3) Manchester United 5 Fernandinho (+6) Manchester City 6 Aaron Mooy (-1) Huddersfield Town 7 N'Golo Kante (-1) Chelsea 8 Abdoulaye Doucoure (-6) Watford 9 Mario Lemina (+6) Southampton 10 Steven Defour (-1) Burnley 11 Jack Cork (-1) Burnley 12 Nathaniel Chalobah (-3) Watford 13 Mikel Merino (+1) Newcastle United 14 Mousa Dembele (-2) Tottenham Hotspur 15 Gareth Barry (+2) West Bromwich Albion 16 Sam Clucas (New!) Swansea City 17 Philip Billing (-5) Huddersfield Town 18 Oriol Romeu (+2) Southampton 19 Darren Fletcher (-3)

Stoke City 20 Idrissa Gueye (-2) Everton

Attacking Midfielders/Wingers

Mike Hewitt/Getty Images

Only two players retained their previous position from last week in this section: fifth-placed Sadio Mane, who is serving a suspension, and leader Henrikh Mkhitaryan, who netted a neat strike against Everton—his first of the campaign.

Danny Welbeck's been on a nice run of form and continued that into Arsenal's bout with Chelsea, but he left the pitch with an injury, which is a huge shame for him. At least he'll have the international break to recover.

Raheem Sterling continues to sneak his way up the rankings and deserves his high position, having now scored in three successive Premier League matches.

Biggest rise: Danny Welbeck (+4)

Biggest fall: Richarlison (-6)

Top 20 AMs/Wingers Rank Player Club 1 Henrikh Mkhitaryan (Stay) Manchester United 2 Mohamed Salah (+1) Liverpool 3 Christian Eriksen (-1) Tottenham Hotspur 4 Raheem Sterling (+3) Manchester City 5 Sadio Mane (Stay) Liverpool 6 Marcus Rashford (-2) Manchester United 7 Juan Mata (+2) Manchester United 8 Anthony Martial (+2) Manchester United 9 Danny Welbeck (+4) Arsenal 10 Michail Antonio (+2) West Ham United 11 Dele Alli (-3) Tottenham Hotspur 12 Richarlison (-6) Watford 13 Elias Kachunga (+3) Huddersfield Town 14 Robbie Brady (New!) Burnley 15 Tom Cleverley (-4) Watford 16 Ruben Loftus-Cheek (+2) Crystal Palace 17 Riyad Mahrez (-3) Leicester City 18 Pascal Gross (New!) Brighton & Hove Albion 19 Nathan Redmond (-4) Southampton 20 Tom Ince (New!) Brighton & Hove Albion



Strikers

BEN STANSALL/Getty Images

Unsurprisingly, Sergio Aguero shoots to the top of this section, having netted a hat-trick (and added an assist) against Watford, displacing his colleague Gabriel Jesus, who also impressed in that game.

Alvaro Morata, Roberto Firmino, Harry Kane and Alexandre Lacazette all drop two spots, though all flashed a few positives in their performances. In the case of Firmino, it is again necessary to question why Jurgen Klopp pushes him out wide to fit Daniel Sturridge into the XI. He doesn't generally play that well from the flank, just rotate them!

We were so short for strikers to make up the 10 that Wayne Rooney comes in to prop them up. He's been fine, but he did miss a brilliant chance at Old Trafford on Sunday.

Biggest rise: Sergio Aguero (+5)

Biggest fall: Multiple (-2)

Top 10 Strikers Rank Player Club 1 Sergio Aguero (+5) Manchester City 2 Gabriel Jesus (-1) Manchester City 3 Romelu Lukaku (+1) Manchester United 4 Alvaro Morata (-2) Chelsea 5 Roberto Firmino (-2) Liverpool 6 Jamie Vardy (+2) Leicester City 7 Harry Kane (-2) Tottenham Hotspur 8 Chris Wood (+1) Burnley 9 Alexandre Lacazette (-2) Arsenal 10 Wayne Rooney (New!) Everton

Follow @stighefootball

Facebook.com/SamTigheBR

All statistics via WhoScored.com

--------------------------------------------------------------
http://www.cnn.com/2017/06/04/us/understanding-the-h-1b-visa/index.html

----SUMMARY ARTICLE---
The President blames H-1B visa holders for stealing US jobs, and his order takes aim at the program.
What I do know is the H-1B visa has become a document coveted by thousands around the globe -- and reviled by just as many in the United States.
To understand how the H-1B visa system works, I called one of the nation's foremost experts on the subject: Ronil Hira.
If they don't get one right away, they will go home and try to return with an H-1B visa.
He tells me he is from Hyderabad, another technology hub in India, and was sponsored for an H-1B visa by Tata Consultancy Services.

----TEXT INSIDE ARTICLE---
(CNN) I did not arrive in America as a refugee or to join family already here. I owe the start to my life in this country to two things: my father's brilliant mind and a very special document.

Daddy was a statistician renowned in his field of probability theory, and in 1975, Florida State University offered him a teaching position. We flew across the globe on Indian passports and gained entry into America with a visa called H-1, reserved for people such as my father who possessed distinctive skills.

We later applied for permanent residency, my father went on to become a professor emeritus at FSU and in 2008, I proudly became a US citizen

The H-1 visa was designed to attract smart people who were considered the best and the brightest of global talent to fill the gaps in the US workforce. I am a direct beneficiary of that program. Without it, my own trajectory would have been very different.

In 1990, the visa was reinvented as H-1B, and it boomed alongside the rise of Silicon Valley. Most H-1Bs are awarded to technology workers, though other fields such as science and medicine also benefit. And these days, almost 70% of the visas are awarded to Indian nationals.

Without the H-1B program, argue its supporters, innovation is sure to suffer and America stands to lose its competitive edge. Look at any number of start-ups, and you're sure to find talented folks who reached America on an H-1B. Among that elite group is Mike Krieger , one of the founders of Instagram.

But in recent years, abuses and fraud in America's largest guest worker program have surfaced. And now with Donald Trump in the White House, H-1B is facing fresh scrutiny.

In April, Trump signed a "Buy American and Hire American" executive order that is part of his ambitious plan to restore 25 million American jobs. The President blames H-1B visa holders for stealing US jobs, and his order takes aim at the program. The visas, he said, "should never, ever be used to replace Americans."

The criticism fits neatly into prevailing anti-immigrant rhetoric, even though H-1Bs are not for immigrants. And to be clear, many H-1B opponents say they don't support building walls or taking other measures to keep foreigners out.

I read Trump's harsh words and wondered: How could a visa responsible for my own family's success come under so much fire? When did a perfectly legitimate guest worker system become so controversial? Who wins? Who loses? Has it really become bad for America?

Intrigued, I decided to learn more about the H-1B visa.

My conversations led me to other Indian Americans, and some of their comments surprised me. I reached out to a congressman from Silicon Valley, a CEO of a tech company who refuses to hire H-1B workers, and a technology worker who lost a fulfilling job and is running for Congress to change the system. I even spoke with an H-1B worker from my native India whose story I found heartbreaking.

I learned there were no simple answers to my questions. What I do know is the H-1B visa has become a document coveted by thousands around the globe -- and reviled by just as many in the United States.

A losing lottery?

To understand how the H-1B visa system works, I called one of the nation's foremost experts on the subject: Ronil Hira.

Hira, an associate professor of public policy at Howard University, t estified last year before the Senate Judiciary Committee on the impact of H-1B workers. He began with his personal story, one that is not unlike mine.

He was the son of immigrants who left India in the 1950s to seek a better life. His wife's family also arrived in the United States on the same H-1 visa program as my father.

The idea behind H-1B is the same as it was when my father obtained his H-1. It's still employer-sponsored and temporary -- the H-1B is good for three years and is extendable for another three. After that, the holder has to return home unless the employer sponsors him or her for permanent residency -- better known as a green card.

Each year, US Citizenship and Immigration Services issues 65,000 H-1B visas to applicants with bachelor's degrees for "specialty occupations." Another 20,000 are set aside for those with master's degrees or higher from a US university.

JUST WATCHED H-1B visas by the numbers Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH H-1B visas by the numbers 01:16

Those caps, mandated by Congress, were as high as 195,000 in the early 2000s, and many in the tech industry would like to see them rise again.

"The single stupidest policy in the entire American political system was the limit on H-1B visas," Eric Schmidt, executive chairman of Google's parent company Alphabet, recently told an MIT audience. "A properly run company is really about having the best people."

The demand for the visas remains high and the competition, intense.

This year, on the morning of April 1, the first-come, first-served application process opened like the gates to a horse race. Four days later, it was over. The USCIS had received 199,000 visa petitions from employers -- way more than enough to meet the statutory caps.

Because of the high number of applications, the visas are then allotted by lottery.

That's where the trouble begins. If the intent is to get the highest-skilled workers to fill "specialty occupations," why is the government using an arbitrary method such as the lottery? Although everyone in the lottery is theoretically qualified, chances are some better-qualified applicants will lose out to those with less skill and experience.

Another problem: Employers are supposed to seek a foreign worker only when they cannot find a qualified American for the job. But that's not how it works, Hira tells me.

Large firms unfairly snag a chunk of H-1B visas by flooding the application pool. They include familiar names such as Google, Microsoft and Apple, but the biggest recipients are outsourcing companies like Cognizant and Accenture and Indian giants Infosys and Tata Consultancy Services, the two top recipients of H-1B visas.

Employers must make a good-faith effort to recruit an American worker for a position before seeking an H-1B visa, but they don't have to document their efforts.

"The actual rules don't require companies to look for American workers and specialized skills," Hira says. "The definitions have gotten loose. Everything in the system is written in favor of the employers."

The big companies have figured out how to play the visa game and take advantage of loopholes, Hira says. And the smaller companies, the ones that are more in need of specialized labor, are often out of luck.

The main reason American companies hire H-1B workers through outsourcing firms, Hira says, is to save money. A whole lot of it.

Employers are suppopesed to pay H-1B workers a "prevailing wage" based on the job and location. But Hira's research found that employers were recruiting H-1B labor at entry-level wages, not the average wage for specific jobs.

Infosys or Tata can save a company up to $45,000 per worker every year, according to Hira's analysis.

In 2013, for instance, Infosys snared almost 7,000 H-1B visas. The median wage it paid was $70,882, about $20,000 lower than a computer systems analyst in Rosemead, California. That's the home of Southern California Edison, a utility that replaced more than 300 American IT workers with H-1B workers employed by Infosys. Hira cites a compensation study that showed Edison IT specialists were earning an average annual base pay of $110,446.

The lower salaries at Infosys and other outsourcing firms are still attractive to thousands of tech workers in India, who average only $6,000 a year and clamor for an opportunity to work in the United States.

Neeraj Gupta came from India to America as a graduate student and then was hired on an H-1B by a Silicon Valley firm, which later sponsored his green card. Gupta went on to found his own tech company, which was ultimately acquired by an Indian outsourcing firm.

In 2009, after witnessing the offshoring of jobs, Gupta began looking into solutions that would create American jobs in technology services.

"With respect to President Trump, there is truth in what he is saying," Gupta tells me. "The premise of the visa is accurate. The challenge is how it has been hijacked by the IT outsourcing industry."

Hira, too, believes the good intent of H-1B has been overrun by corporations that cannot see beyond their profit margins.

He was in favor of H-1B, he told the Senate committee last year. But it was imperative to fix a broken system.

"High-skilled immigration has directly benefited my family enormously," Hira told lawmakers. Then, he issued this warning:

"Thousands of American jobs will be offshored. Tens of thousands of American workers will have their wages depressed. And thousands of American students will be denied opportunities. That's one lottery American workers and students are guaranteed to lose."

Laid off and forced to train his replacement

Craig Diangelo lost big to H-1B.

At first, he kept quiet, in line with an agreement he signed to not disparage his employer. But he was so incensed by the injustice at his workplace he could not stay silent.

Not only did Diangelo, 65, lose his job to a less-skilled, lower-paid foreign worker, but he was forced to train his replacement or face losing his severance.

Craig Diangelo lost his job at Northeast Utilities and had to train his replacement, an H-1B worker.

He'd worked in information technology all his life, but the sudden job loss dimmed his future considerably. So much so, that Diangelo is now running for office.

Frustrated by the inaction of lawmakers to reform America's guest worker program, Diangelo is running as a Republican to unseat Democrat Elizabeth Esty in Connecticut's 5th Congressional District.

"I would like the law to change," Diangelo says. "You cannot bring over an H-1B worker to replace an American."

Diangelo had always wanted to be a schoolteacher, but after finishing his degree in education in the mid-1970s he couldn't find a job. Instead he went to work for Travelers Insurance Cos. in Hartford, Connecticut.

He began as a COBOL programmer, and his career evolved over the decades as the tech industry changed. In his last full-time position at Northeast Utilities in Berlin, Connecticut, Diangelo helped support the company's storage architecture. He made $130,000 a year.

"It was a wonderful job," he tells me. "It paid me well. I worked with a great group of people."

That began unraveling when a merger with a smaller company led to changes in management. In October 2013, the new managers gathered the 220 employees in Diangelo's unit and bluntly announced that their jobs were going to Infosys and Tata Consultancy Services.

"Why were we not given the first rights to re-apply for our jobs?" Diangelo says. "Why was I not given the opportunity to go to Infosys and say: 'I would like to apply for this position?' "

To make matters worse, Diangelo was told he would have to engage in "knowledge transfer" and train his Indian replacement.

"I was in complete disbelief," he says. "I gave my soul to this company. They had been good to me. It didn't make any sense."

He was told his last day would be in December, but that was extended to March and then to May when his employers realized the replacement workers were not ready. They were not high-skilled employees filling a job for which no Americans were available, as was the intent of H-1B.

"They were lower-skilled workers," Diangelo says. "We had to train them from scratch. My replacement was making half of what I was making. And he had no benefits."

I'd met Infosys employees when I visited the company's shiny Googlesque campus in Bangalore, India, several years ago. They told me how IT jobs had opened up opportunities, changed their lives. For the first time in generations, their families aspired to so much more in life.

Tech companies are a point of pride in my homeland. The industry is the largest private sector employer in India and constitutes about 10% of the gross domestic product. Technology is a big reason why India arrived as a major player on the global stage.

I knew there was a mad rush to apply for H-1B visas at Infosys and other outsourcing firms. But what I did not realize is that these eager Indians were putting Americans out of work.

From Diangelo, I was hearing the ugly side of Indian tech.

Northeast Utilities employees put up US flags in cubicles after realizing they would lose their jobs to H-1B workers.

I contacted Infosys and Tata for comment. Tata did not respond. An Infosys spokesman told me the company was not granting any interviews regarding H-1B visas. He did, however, send me this statement:

"We continue to invest in the local communities in which we operate, including hiring local American top talent, bringing education and training to our clients to shrink the skills gap in the US, and working with policymakers to foster innovation within states and across the country. It is our endeavor to help clients leverage the best US talent together with the best global talent."

Diangelo says he found it humiliating, depressing even, that he had to stay on -- with his Infosys replacement -- at a job he knew would soon vanish for him. But he and his colleagues were older workers close to the top of their salary grades. He knew it would be hard to find employment elsewhere. He had few options.

Diangelo trained his replacement in Connecticut as well as 11 other workers in India. The company, he says, recorded his webinars, and he guesses his training sessions have been used many times since his departure.

This is how it sometimes works: Indian H-1B workers are brought in to replace workers here in America, but subsequently many of the jobs are moved offshore to India.

Diangelo and his colleagues on the second floor of the Northeast Utilities building put up small US flags on their cubicles. As each completed a last day at work, a flag came down. Diangelo was the last. When he returned after a weekend to turn in his company badge, only his flag remained. Then, that, too, was gone.

I asked for an interview with a manager at Northeast Utilities, now called Eversource Energy, and was sent a statement via e-mail:

"Three years ago we made strategic changes to our IT department to support the merger of two companies and keep pace with changing technologies to better serve our customers," the statement read. "As an electric and gas delivery business, we did not have the internal capabilities to efficiently meet the growing technology needs of the larger, combined company."

Eversource, said the statement, uses Infosys and Tata to perform some of its IT functions, and that employees such as Diangelo who were affected were offered comprehensive severance packages, career transition and training services and extended health care coverage.

This has nothing to do with immigration. We have a bill out there that allows foreign workers to take American jobs. Craig Diangelo

Eversource is hardly the only US entity that has been accused of laying off Americans in favor of cheaper Indian labor.

Employees at the University of California, San Francisco, had to train their replacements from an outsourcing firm. So did technology workers at Walt Disney World, New York Life, Toys R Us and Southern California Edison.

And these are just the cases that have surfaced publicly because of lawsuits and employees such as Diangelo who risked losing their severance by speaking out.

Diangelo says he holds nothing against his replacement worker from Infosys, nothing against immigrants. He blames the system that allows this to happen.

This year, he watched as the H-1B application date of April 1 approached. He had counted on Trump to put a moratorium on the visas. But now, he says, 85,000 more foreign workers will arrive in the United States in the coming months.

"That means another 85,000 Americans will lose their jobs," he says.

"Every time I talk to my senators and congressmen, they say we need a comprehensive immigration bill," he says. "But these are two separate things. This has nothing to do with immigration. We have a bill out there that allows foreign workers to take American jobs."

"The government needs to make changes to the H-1B program," he says. "Even the lawmakers who made this law say it has been hijacked."

Diangelo is referring to Bruce Morrison, a former Connecticut congressman who sponsored legislation creating the H-1B visa system but is now a vocal critic.

Several bills that aim to reform H-1B have been introduced in both the House and Senate this year. One of the co-sponsors of a House bill is Rep. Ro Khanna, an Indian-American from California's 17th Congressional District in the south San Francisco Bay Area and the heart of Silicon Valley.

Again, I thought of my own family as I read Khanna's bio. He was born in Philadelphia to parents who immigrated in the 1970s from India. Because of his background and because he represents so many who work in the tech industry, Khanna has taken heat for his stance on H-1B.

Please note: Ro Khanna, an Indian American politician funded heavily by NRIs, is championing restrictions on H1B: https://t.co/glRDDlYtLG — Rajiv Malhotra (@RajivMessage) March 3, 2017

Khanna tells me his Silicon Valley voters understand the need for reform. He says that as the son of immigrants, he understands the contributions of people who come from other lands. But their contributions cannot come at the expense of American workers.

"We need change so you don't have underpaid foreigners taking away American jobs," he says. "This bill is pro-immigrant and pro-American worker."

At the end of my conversation with Diangelo, he tells me the Infosys H-1B employee he trained wanted to be his friend.

"I couldn't allow myself to do that. I did not have hard feelings against him. But he was taking my job."

Diangelo took early retirement; he did not want to transition into a new career so late in life and eventually found contract work in IT. Many of his co-workers, he says, are still unemployed.

"We don't go out as much or give to charities," he says of himself and his former colleagues. "It has a downward spiral effect. A long-lasting one. It affects the morale of people."

Every time he pumps gas at his local Costco, he looks up at the Eversource compound on a hill and thinks: My job is still there.

Employees on the Bangalore, India, campus of Infosys, a tech giant that is one of the top recipients of H-1B visas.

Growing demand

On a recent morning, I visit Monty Hamilton, CEO of Rural Sourcing Inc., a technology outsourcing company based in Atlanta.

There are no H-1B workers here. It goes against the mission of the company, Hamilton tells me.

Hamilton grew up in a two-stoplight town in Mississippi. When he chose vocation over location, he was forced to chase his dreams in a big city. He began his career with Accenture, another big recipient of H-1B visas, before taking the reins at Rural Sourcing in 2008.

The company's goal was to find smart IT employees, not in foreign countries but in secondary US cities outside Silicon Valley: Albuquerque, New Mexico; Mobile, Alabama; Augusta, Georgia.

"We do need to import some talent, but we need to do a better job in training the US workforce to get into this field that is changing so fast," he says.

Though he won't hire H-1B workers, Hamilton says it's folly to think the visas can be done away with altogether.

His fifth-floor office overlooks the campus of Georgia Tech. He tells me that all the foreign students who are about to graduate will be forced to go home unless they find employer-sponsored H-1B or other visas.

"Why in the hell would we allow that?" Hamilton says.

America has 500,000 tech jobs open today, he tells me. And only 43,000 students who graduated with computer science degrees last year, he says, citing Code.org.

"How long does it take to fill a tech job? An average of 65 days. That tells me there is a shortage," Hamilton says.

Whether or not there truly is a shortage is the subject of much debate, I discovered. It often depends on the interpretation of statistics.

I read a petition that entrepreneurs including Bill Gates, Jeff Bezos and Tim Cook co-signed with educators, nonprofits and governors from both political parties urging increased computer science education. "There are currently over 500,000 open computing jobs, in every sector, from manufacturing to banking, from agriculture to healthcare, but only 50,000 computer science graduates a year," the letter said.

But I also read an Economic Policy Institute analysis that found American colleges graduate 50% more students in engineering and computer and information science than are hired in those fields each year.

Shortage or not, the Bureau of Labor Statistics predicted the number of technology jobs will rise from 3.9 million in 2014 to about 4.4 million in 2024. Part of the demand for tech jobs is due to the growing "Internet of things," including cloud and mobile computing.

"Technology is changing fast," Hamilton says. "We do need to import some talent, but we also need to do a better job in training the US workforce."

I leave Hamilton's office and come across a group of young Indian engineering students enrolled at Georgia Tech. They tell me they want nothing more than to stay here for a job. If they don't get one right away, they will go home and try to return with an H-1B visa.

They talk about it as though it were a coveted prize, a ticket to success.

JUST WATCHED Indian official says H-1B visas bolster jobs Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Indian official says H-1B visas bolster jobs 01:31

'Techsploitation'

For days, I ponder something Craig Diangelo told me. He realized his Indian H-1B replacement was also in a difficult position -- he had no idea he was going to America to take someone else's job.

H-1B workers brought over by outsourcing firms often don't know the circumstances they are about to face. They, too, are part of an abusive system, say H-1B critics.

The exploitation of Indian H-1B workers essentially amounts to indentured servitude, according to the Center for Investigative Reporting, which exposed what one worker called "an ecosystem of fear."

In a class-action lawsuit filed in California, H-1B workers described staffing agencies known as "body shops" that enticed workers to the United States and filed for their H-1B visas. Instead, when they arrived, the workers were huddled together in cramped "guest houses" and paid no wages until they were placed with a technology firm.

H-1B workers described having to pay the staffing agencies, pay for travel to jobs in other states and falling into debt before they even earned a penny.

Because H-1B visas are sponsored by companies, the employees are beholden to them. They risk losing their jobs and being sent back to India if they complain too loudly.

"It's human trafficking. They are being bought and sold," says Jack "Jay" Palmer, a former Infosys employee who brought a whistleblower lawsuit against the technology giant in 2012 alleging visa fraud.

Palmer accused Infosys of illegally using business visitor visas known as B-1 to fill positions in the United States. The B-1 visas are easier to obtain and have lower fees than H-1Bs and are intended for short stays to attend meetings and training sessions.

The lawsuit led to a federal investigation, and Infosys eventually agreed to a $34 million civil settlement with the Justice Department.

I catch Palmer on the phone as he's driving to the Atlanta airport for a flight to Washington. He says he's meeting with Sen. Chuck Grassley, an Iowa Republican and a sponsor of the Senate H-1B reform bill.

"I believe in the American dream. I have nothing against H-1B and green cards," Palmer says. "I just want to see the law enforced."

A few hours later, I get a call from an Indian man whom Palmer has been helping. He tells me he is from Hyderabad, another technology hub in India, and was sponsored for an H-1B visa by Tata Consultancy Services.

He fears repercussions at his job in New York and speaks with me only after I agree to withhold his identity.

He says he worked in India for a decade before he came to America on an H-1B and was "body-shopped." He was placed in a job with a published salary of $45 an hour, but after the body shoppers and the outsourcing companies take their share, he only makes about $29.

The man is 45 and has a wife and two children -- 8 and 12. His expenses amount to about $5,000 a month, about $1,000 more than what he takes home. He has fallen into debt and no longer has the ability to climb out of it.

"We cannot save any money," he says. "I have $20,000 in credit card debt, and I owe $15,000 for my car."

"Why don't you go back home to India?" I ask him.

"I do not even have money to buy tickets," he says.

He says he feels lucky, though. At least he is not in a "guest house" waiting for work.

Life, he says, goes on in limbo.

He says he was promised sponsorship for a green card but was asked to pay a $25,000 fee he couldn't afford. I spoke with another Indian H-1B worker in Atlanta who has applied for a green card, but the backlog is so great for Indian citizens that it can take up to 10 years or more. Until then, H-1B workers remain tethered to their employers.

"My dream was to come to America, but I don't want to stay here with this kind of life," the man in New York says. "But I have no choice. I replaced American workers, but I am a victim, too."

The man in New York is not alone. There are thousands of workers like him, Palmer tells me.

Palmer and other H-1B reformers want accountability.

They say US companies must be required to document their searches to fill positions with American workers. Employers must pay prevailing wages and be prevented from subcontracting or outsourcing H-1B jobs.

Reform advocates are pushing for a system of government enforcement and oversight of the H-1B regulations, not one that is reliant on whistleblowers to expose abuse.

Technology is here to stay. And it is changing at warp speed. The demand for smart talent is not going away. That's why even the biggest critics of H-1B are the most ardent backers of reform, not elimination.

What I hear them saying is the system ought to work the way it used to, when my father obtained an H-1 visa. He was hired for a job he was uniquely qualified for, and he was compensated with a decent wage.

No one wants to see Americans lose their jobs unfairly, and if my father were still alive, I know he'd be troubled by what I learned about the current H-1B program.

I also know he would be heartened to see that some of the most ardent backers of visa reform are Indian Americans. After all, we are the ones who have most reaped the rewards of H-1B.

--------------------------------------------------------------
http://www.wxyz.com/news/no-reeses-peanut-butter-cups-are-not-going-away-next-month

----SUMMARY ARTICLE---
(WXYZ) - No, Reese's Peanut Butter Cups are not going away next month, despite an article making the rounds on the internet.
Originally posted last week, the headline read "World's most popular candy to be removed from shelves by October 2017!"
and in the story, said Reese's Peanut Butter Cups would no longer be available.
In a tweet a day later, Reese's calmed everyone's fears telling people not to believe everything they read on the internet.
— REESE'S (@ReesesPBCups) September 15, 2017So, be sure to enjoy the peanut butter and chocolate deliciousness all year long!

----TEXT INSIDE ARTICLE---
(WXYZ) - No, Reese's Peanut Butter Cups are not going away next month, despite an article making the rounds on the internet.

Originally posted last week, the headline read "World's most popular candy to be removed from shelves by October 2017!" and in the story, said Reese's Peanut Butter Cups would no longer be available.

It cited the manufacturer saying there was a decline in sales after a new version of the product.

In a tweet a day later, Reese's calmed everyone's fears telling people not to believe everything they read on the internet.

Nope! Don't believe everything you read on the internet! — REESE'S (@ReesesPBCups) September 15, 2017

So, be sure to enjoy the peanut butter and chocolate deliciousness all year long!

--------------------------------------------------------------
http://www.cnn.com/2017/04/18/health/apple-cider-vinegar-uses/index.html

----SUMMARY ARTICLE---
Here are 10 of the top ways people are using apple cider vinegar and what the science says.
If you choose to use apple cider vinegar, be sure to tell your doctor, says nutritionist Lisa Drayer.
The best way to consume apple cider vinegar is on your salad, experts say.
Teeth cleaning and whitening"Some people like to use it to remove stains and whiten their teeth," according to one of many online articles touting apple cider vinegar for this purpose: "To try this, rub a small amount of apple cider vinegar onto your teeth with a cotton swab."
"If you do choose to use apple cider vinegar, try to buy a name brand that clearly labels the acidity level.

----TEXT INSIDE ARTICLE---
(CNN) Apple cider vinegar is one of the most popular natural health products around, with claims for everything from sanitizing toothbrushes to whittling waistlines.

But how much of its popularity is based on hype? Could you be wasting your time or -- even worse -- harming your health?

Here are 10 of the top ways people are using apple cider vinegar and what the science says.

Diabetes

What's the most popular use for apple cider vinegar? If a simple internet search is any measure, it involves diabetes.

Dietitian Carol Johnston has been studying the effects of the main component of any vinegar, acetic acid, on diabetic blood glucose levels since 2004. She's conducted 10 small randomly controlled studies and published six papers on the subject.

Her studies indicate vinegar can help lower blood sugar in people with type 2 diabetes; in those who are prediabetic, also called insulin-resistant; and even in healthy control subjects. The improvement was slight for all but those at risk for diabetes, she says.

"In pre-diabetics, it was too good to be true," says Johnston, who is also associate director of the Arizona State University's School of Nutrition and Health. "It fell a good bit and stayed that way. It may be this is the group that could benefit the most."

But this antiglycemic response can be induced by any sort of vinegar, she says: red and white wine vinegars, pomegranate vinegar or even white distilled vinegar. She suggests adding it to salads, as in the Mediterranean diet, or diluting it in water and drinking it before a meal.

"Basically, what acetic acid is doing is blocking the absorption of starch," Johnston says. "If my study subjects eat a starch and add vinegar, glucose will go down. But if they drink sugar water and add vinegar, nothing happens. So if you're having bacon and eggs, don't bother. It only helps if you are consuming a starch."

If you choose to use apple cider vinegar, be sure to tell your doctor, says nutritionist Lisa Drayer.

"If you're taking a diabetes drug, the vinegar could amplify the effects of your meds," she warns, "and your doctor might want to adjust your dosage."

Most important, if you're expecting vinegar to significantly alter or prevent diabetes, science suggests you reconsider.

Johnston notes that there is no evidence, in her studies or others, to establish that connection.

"I simply determine if your glucose level goes up and down," she says. "If I was to show that vinegar slows progression to diabetes, then I would need hundreds of people and millions of dollars to do the studies, because diabetes has a lot of causes, including genetics."

Weight loss

The most cited study was done with 175 heavy but otherwise healthy Japanese subjects. The 12-week treatment produced lower body weight, body mass index, visceral fat, waist measurements and triglyceride levels. Sounds great, right?

"People didn't really lose that much weight," Drayer says. "Only 2 to 4 pounds in three months over a placebo. That's only a third of a pound a week."

Johnston agrees the study showed "a very, very modest weight loss.'

"In fact, I would say most people who are on a diet for 12 weeks and only lose a couple of pounds aren't going to be very happy," she adds.

If you are using apple cider or other vinegars as one part of an overall plan, combining it with a healthy diet, portion control and exercise, it might help, Drayer says. She suggested using balsamic vinegar on salads, in a 4:1 ratio with oil, or adding it to sauces for poultry and fish.

The best way to consume apple cider vinegar is on your salad, experts say.

"If you were doing all the other things to lose weight, it might give you a slight edge," Drayer says. "Also, if you're drinking it in water, that's good, as water makes you feel full."

"Sometimes, people get really excited to try something new, and then their other behaviors change, too," she adds. "So if this helps people be more careful overall, that's a good thing."

Teeth cleaning and whitening

"Some people like to use it to remove stains and whiten their teeth," according to one of many online articles touting apple cider vinegar for this purpose: "To try this, rub a small amount of apple cider vinegar onto your teeth with a cotton swab."

"I let out an audible gasp when I read about this!" says Chicago dentist and American Dental Association spokeswoman Alice Boghosian. "It made me cringe, to be honest with you. What are people doing?"

"You're putting acid on your teeth," Boghosian continues, "the last thing you'd want to do to promote oral health. What would be a healthier option is to brush your teeth twice a day for two minutes, with a whitening toothpaste with the ADA seal. That shows it's been tested to do what it's supposed to do."

Other articles promote rinsing your mouth with apple cider vinegar, soaking dentures with a diluted mixture or using it to clean a toothbrush.

"You just have to rinse off your toothbrush, get all the toothpaste out, and let it air out. That's all you have to do," Boghosian says. "Cleaning dentures or rinsing with vinegar is not a good idea. It too could put your teeth at risk. And just think how it might affect the metal on partial dentures."

A pH of 7 is neutral, explains Boghosian; anything less is acid. She said many of today's popular apple cider vinegars are in the 2 to 3 range -- about the same as stomach acid.

"Anything acidic which contacts your teeth will wear out the enamel, the protective coating, and that will cause cavities," Boghosian adds. "So, this is totally, completely wrong, unless you want to be paying more visits to your dentist."

Skin, hair and nails

Commonly suggested uses for apple cider vinegar across the internet include it's use as a treatment for skin infections and acne, fighting lice and dandruff, as a natural wart remover and as an anti-aging treatment.

"It will dry out a pimple, but it's not an anti-aging method," says dermatologist Dr. Marie Jhin, a spokeswoman for the American Academy of Dermatology. "It might fade dark spots, or maybe you could use it as a skin toner, if you dilute it a great deal. But I wouldn't recommend it. We have much more effective and safe methods today than this."

One use she can agree with: "I do love it for bites, especially mosquito bites. It's a very underutilized home remedy. If you have a lot of bites, put two cups in a full tub of water and soak. It will help with itching," she says.

"It can also help with sunburn, although there are so many other good remedies," Jhin adds. "We don't usually suggest that to patients."

Apple cider vinegar might help with dandruff, says Jihn, because the acidity could increase the sloughing of the skin on the scalp, and it does have some antifungal properties.

But don't turn to it to get rid of head lice. One study found the use of vinegar to be the least effective method among several natural solutions; only petroleum jelly killed adult louse, but it did next to nothing to fight the eggs.

"I love vinegar for Another use Jhin recommends:"I love vinegar for paronychia , an infection under the cuticle that a lot of people get," Jhin says. She suggests mixing one-fourth cup of vinegar with three-fourths cup of water and soaking nails.

But what about warts and other home uses?

"Warts are caused by a virus, so there's no cure," Jihn explains. "You can dab a diluted version of apple cider vinegar on a wart with a Q-tip, and it's going to help remove dead skin, which is what we do in the office by paring it down, cutting it out or burning it with liquid nitrogen. But it's not going to be as fast or effective as what we do in the office."

American Academy of Dermatology spokesman Dr. Michael Lin, director of the Advanced Dermatology and Skin Cancer Institute in Beverly Hills, has a more negative perspective on home use.

"I've had quite a few patients harmed by apple cider vinegar," Lin explains. "One terrible example was a man trying to treat genital warts. When he came into the office, the entire area was raw, burned by the vinegar.

"I don't know if he was using it full-strength, but whatever he was doing it was too strong," he continues. "He probably has permanent scarring from that natural home treatment."

Lin says he feels more comfortable recommending distilled white vinegar, as it is created to a standardized formulation of 5% acidity.

"With apple cider vinegar, you don't know what strength you're getting," Lin says. "It's depends on the brand, and even among batches within a brand, you could get different concentrations of acidity."

"If you do choose to use apple cider vinegar, try to buy a name brand that clearly labels the acidity level. And whatever you do, don't use it full-strength."

He suggests a 1:10 ratio.

All-purpose cleaner

Because of apple cider vinegar's antimicrobial properties, it is often suggested as a natural cleanser for the home.

The acid is effective against mold, but according to the Pesticide Research Institute , an environmental consulting firm, so are salt, lemon juice, hydrogen peroxide, tea tree oil and baking soda.

Many of those also smell better.

Apple cider vinegar is biodegradable, and because of its low pH, it's great against alkaline grime such as hard water and mineral deposits, as well as soap scum.

But it won't cut grease. Why not? Just think of a simple oil and vinegar salad dressing. After mixing, the oil and vinegar quickly separate because oil is nonpolar, while vinegar and water are polar, meaning they are not attracted to each other.

Will apple cider or other vinegars sanitize or disinfect your home? Probably not enough to make you feel germ-free.

2000 study also showed vinegars to be quite effective against the waterborne bacteria That2000 study also showed vinegars to be quite effective against the waterborne bacteria Pseudomonas aeruginosa , mostly found in hospitals and untreated hot tubs. It was also effective against Salmonella choleraesuis, a rare pig-borne version of salmonella.

If you do choose to use a vinegar to clean your home, never mix it with bleach or ammonia, because it will create toxic chlorine or chloramine gases.

Food preservatives

Used for centuries to preserve everything from pickles to pig's feet, vinegar is now becoming popular as a natural preservative in processed meat and poultry items as well.

Most home pickling uses 5% distilled white vinegar because it doesn't affect the color of the vegetables or fruits, but apple cider vinegar is a popular choice due to its mellow, fruity flavor. Do know, however, that it will turn most fruits and veggies dark.

Another popular use for apple cider, and other vinegars, is as a food wash to reduce bacteria or viruses on the surface of fruits and vegetables. Studies have had varying results, often depending on the type of fruit or vegetable and the amount of time spent in the vinegar solution.

Apple cider and other vinegars is used by some as a food wash to reduce the number of bacteria or virus on fruits or vegetables.

After listing a number of studies and results, the US Food and Drug Administration sums it up: "Vinegar and lemon juice have potential as inexpensive, simple household sanitizers; however, possible negative sensory effects [color, odor] when used on produce would be a disadvantage."

Cough and sore throat

The use of vinegar medicinally starts with the father of modern medicine, Hippocrates. He would mix it with honey and use it for chronic coughs and sore throats, and the suggestion continues today across the internet.

Many parents might think this is a natural and safe option for their children. The American Academy of Pediatrics doesn't have an official stance on the use of apple cider or other vinegars as a health aid, but spokeswoman Dr. Jennifer Shu urges caution.

"I would just think that the vinegar would irritate the throat even more," says Shu, an Atlanta pediatrician and author of "Food Fights". "But diluting it and mixing it with other ingredients such as salt or honey might decrease any pain that the vinegar might cause."

The University of Arizona's Johnston cautions against trying any vinegar straight, due to the risk of inhaling the liquid and damaging the lungs.

"Vinegar has that strong smell and puckering taste, so if you take a breath, you could inhale it into your lungs as you swallow," she says. "It can burn the lungs a little, because it is an acid."

"It can also burn your esophagus," says Dr. Andrew Freeman, director of cardiovascular prevention at National Jewish Health in Denver, Colorado. "And if you're predisposed to reflux, ulcers or stomach problems, it could certainly make those worse."

Heart disease and cancer

If you're a rat worried about heart disease, put apple cider and other vinegars on your shopping list.

Studies show the vinegar can reduce blood pressure triglycerides and total cholesterol in rodents fed a high-fat, cholesterol-rich diet. But similar studies have not been conducted in humans.

Freeman, who serves on the American College of Cardiology's prevention board, says there could be some benefit due to its antioxidant properties, like other heart-healthy fruits and vegetables, such as broccoli and blueberries.

"The data is not particularly strong or overwhelming, but vascular health may be enhanced," Freeman says. "What's best to avoid heart disease is to exercise and eat a low-fat, plant-based diet."

Freeman further recommends using apple cider or other vinegars on salads, to maximize the benefits and reduce any reactions to the acidity.

Join the conversation See the latest news and share your comments with CNN Health on Facebook and Twitter.

Studies in humans are nonexistent.

So, does apple cider vinegar measure up to its positive internet reputation? If you consider that almost any other vinegar will produce the same benefits, not so much.

There are also some serious downsides, if used full strength and inappropriately. As the experts suggest, make sure you check with your doctor before giving it a try.

"When do you a search for apple cider vinegar you see so many claims, and people will try it, searching for that natural cure-all," says Drayer.

"Whether any of those claims are based on science is another matter."

--------------------------------------------------------------
http://www.cnn.com/TRANSCRIPTS/2017.09.17.html

----SUMMARY ARTICLE---
Return to Transcripts main pageCNN Transcripts for September 17, 2017Note: This page is continually updated as new transcripts become available.
If you cannot find a specific segment, check back later.

----TEXT INSIDE ARTICLE---




Return to Transcripts main page

CNN Transcripts for September 17, 2017

Note: This page is continually updated as new transcripts become available. If you cannot find a specific segment, check back later.

--------------------------------------------------------------
http://www.cnn.com/style/article/details-antico-setificio-fiorentino-florence/index.html

----SUMMARY ARTICLE---
This feature is part of ' Details ,' a new series that captures the creation of some of the world's most intricately made objects.
From a distance, the looms of the Antico Setifico Fiorentino silk-weaving mill sound like a steam train -- one that has been traveling for centuries.
The patterns produced here go back to the golden years of the Renaissance, with one of the machines still in use today having been built by Leonardo da Vinci himself.
According to Niccolo Ricci, CEO of Stefano Ricci, the company that now owns the mill, all but one of the women who work here today are from Florence.
Their efforts, skills and understanding of these machines are what keep the art of silk-weaving alive, and produce some of the most sought-after fabrics on the planet.

----TEXT INSIDE ARTICLE---
This feature is part of ' Details ,' a new series that captures the creation of some of the world's most intricately made objects.

From a distance, the looms of the Antico Setifico Fiorentino silk-weaving mill sound like a steam train -- one that has been traveling for centuries. The patterns produced here go back to the golden years of the Renaissance, with one of the machines still in use today having been built by Leonardo da Vinci himself.

According to Niccolo Ricci, CEO of Stefano Ricci, the company that now owns the mill, all but one of the women who work here today are from Florence. Their efforts, skills and understanding of these machines are what keep the art of silk-weaving alive, and produce some of the most sought-after fabrics on the planet.

--------------------------------------------------------------
http://www.cnn.com/2017/09/19/americas/gallery/mexico-earthquake-0919/index.html

----SUMMARY ARTICLE---
Photos: Deadly earthquake rocks central Mexico Rescue personnel work to rescue a child trapped inside the Enrique Rebsamen elementary school in Mexico City on Wednesday, September 20.
Hide Caption 7 of 37Photos: Deadly earthquake rocks central Mexico People look for survivors in Mexico City on September 20.
Hide Caption 21 of 37Photos: Deadly earthquake rocks central Mexico Hide Caption 22 of 37Photos: Deadly earthquake rocks central Mexico A woman's crushed body hangs from a collapsed building in Mexico City on September 19.
Hide Caption 32 of 37Photos: Deadly earthquake rocks central Mexico A woman in Mexico City reacts after the quake.
Hide Caption 33 of 37Photos: Deadly earthquake rocks central Mexico People remove debris off a building that collapsed in Mexico City.

----TEXT INSIDE ARTICLE---
Photos: Deadly earthquake rocks central Mexico Rescue personnel work to rescue a child trapped inside the Enrique Rebsamen elementary school in Mexico City on Wednesday, September 20. Searches are underway at buildings in the region that collapsed after a magnitude 7.1 earthquake struck central Mexico a day earlier. Hide Caption 1 of 37

Photos: Deadly earthquake rocks central Mexico A group of men calling themselves the Insurgentes Brigade arrive carrying beams of wood to offer help in Mexico City's Roma neighborhood on September 20. Hide Caption 2 of 37

Photos: Deadly earthquake rocks central Mexico Families prepare to sleep under tarps on the sidewalk outside their quake-damaged building in Mexico City on September 20. Hide Caption 3 of 37

Photos: Deadly earthquake rocks central Mexico Rescuers and firefighters lower a corpse from a house in Mexico City on September 20. Hide Caption 4 of 37

Photos: Deadly earthquake rocks central Mexico Volunteers and rescue workers search for people trapped inside the Enrique Rebsamen school on September 20. The school in Mexico City collapsed a day earlier. Hide Caption 5 of 37

Photos: Deadly earthquake rocks central Mexico A volunteer in Mexico City asks for silence as a flattened building is searched for survivors on September 20. This was the second earthquake to hit Mexico in the past two weeks. A magnitude 8.1 quake struck off the country's southern coast on September 8. Hide Caption 6 of 37

Photos: Deadly earthquake rocks central Mexico Members of the Mexican Army nap September 20 after assisting in search-and-rescue missions in Mexico City. Hide Caption 7 of 37

Photos: Deadly earthquake rocks central Mexico People look for survivors in Mexico City on September 20. The earthquake happened on the anniversary of a 1985 quake that killed an estimated 9,500 people in and around Mexico City. Hide Caption 8 of 37

Photos: Deadly earthquake rocks central Mexico A man walks his bike past a partially collapsed building in Jojutla on September 20. Hide Caption 9 of 37

Photos: Deadly earthquake rocks central Mexico Volunteers arrange food and other donated supplies at a distribution point in Mexico City on September 20. Hide Caption 10 of 37

Photos: Deadly earthquake rocks central Mexico Children's toys are seen in a damaged building in Mexico City on September 20. Hide Caption 11 of 37

Photos: Deadly earthquake rocks central Mexico A survivor is pulled out of rubble in Mexico City on September 20. Hide Caption 12 of 37

Photos: Deadly earthquake rocks central Mexico People sleep on the street next to damaged homes in Jojutla on September 20. Hide Caption 13 of 37

Photos: Deadly earthquake rocks central Mexico Soldiers remove debris from a collapsed building in Mexico City on September 20. Hide Caption 14 of 37

Photos: Deadly earthquake rocks central Mexico An injured person is carried away after being rescued in Mexico City on Tuesday, September 19. Hide Caption 15 of 37

Photos: Deadly earthquake rocks central Mexico Rescue workers remove rubble from a Mexico City building on September 19. Hide Caption 16 of 37

Photos: Deadly earthquake rocks central Mexico Rescue workers in Mexico City search for people trapped inside the collapsed Enrique Rebsamen school on September 19. Hide Caption 17 of 37

Photos: Deadly earthquake rocks central Mexico A man comforts a student outside a school in Mexico City on September 19. Hide Caption 18 of 37

Photos: Deadly earthquake rocks central Mexico A police officer runs toward the site where a building collapsed in Mexico City on September 19. Hide Caption 19 of 37

Photos: Deadly earthquake rocks central Mexico Rescue workers and volunteers search a collapsed building in Mexico City on September 19. Hide Caption 20 of 37

Photos: Deadly earthquake rocks central Mexico A man is rescued under rubble in Mexico City's Condesa area on September 19. Hide Caption 21 of 37

Photos: Deadly earthquake rocks central Mexico Hide Caption 22 of 37

Photos: Deadly earthquake rocks central Mexico A woman's crushed body hangs from a collapsed building in Mexico City on September 19. Hide Caption 23 of 37

Photos: Deadly earthquake rocks central Mexico Recovery efforts take place at the collapse of a residential building in Mexico City on September 19. Hide Caption 24 of 37

Photos: Deadly earthquake rocks central Mexico The quake damaged the Jojutla Municipal Palace. Hide Caption 25 of 37

Photos: Deadly earthquake rocks central Mexico A search goes on at the scene of a collapsed building in Mexico City's Del Valle neighborhood on September 19. Hide Caption 26 of 37

Photos: Deadly earthquake rocks central Mexico Emergency workers remove debris as they search for survivors in Mexico City on September 19. Hide Caption 27 of 37

Photos: Deadly earthquake rocks central Mexico People react in Mexico City just after the quake hit. Hide Caption 28 of 37

Photos: Deadly earthquake rocks central Mexico People gather on a Mexico City street after office buildings were evacuated because of the quake. Hide Caption 29 of 37

Photos: Deadly earthquake rocks central Mexico A building is damaged in Mexico City on September 19. Hide Caption 30 of 37

Photos: Deadly earthquake rocks central Mexico A woman in Mexico City cries as she tries to reach people on her cell phone after the quake. Hide Caption 31 of 37

Photos: Deadly earthquake rocks central Mexico Patients from a Mexico City hospital receive treatment outside after the hospital was evacuated on September 19. Hide Caption 32 of 37

Photos: Deadly earthquake rocks central Mexico A woman in Mexico City reacts after the quake. Hide Caption 33 of 37

Photos: Deadly earthquake rocks central Mexico People remove debris off a building that collapsed in Mexico City. Hide Caption 34 of 37

Photos: Deadly earthquake rocks central Mexico A car is crushed by debris in Mexico City on September 19. Hide Caption 35 of 37

Photos: Deadly earthquake rocks central Mexico A woman receives medical assistance after she was injured in Mexico City on September 19. Hide Caption 36 of 37

--------------------------------------------------------------
http://www.cnn.com/2017/09/21/entertainment/america-got-talent-winner/index.html

----SUMMARY ARTICLE---
Story highlights Two youngsters were the finalistsThe winner took home $1 million(CNN) It came down to the Battle of the Preteens on Wednesday's finale of "America's Got Talent."
In the end, Darci Lynne Farmer, a 12-year-old singing ventriloquist, won season 12 over singer Angelica Hale, who's 10.
Farmer promptly burst into tears as she held her puppet, Petunia.
The Oklahoma City youngster won the $1 million prize and a headlining appearance at a Las Vegas show.
Hale, who was also a fan favorite with her story of overcoming a serious illness, congratulated Farmer on Instagram.

----TEXT INSIDE ARTICLE---
Story highlights Two youngsters were the finalists

The winner took home $1 million

(CNN) It came down to the Battle of the Preteens on Wednesday's finale of "America's Got Talent."

In the end, Darci Lynne Farmer, a 12-year-old singing ventriloquist, won season 12 over singer Angelica Hale, who's 10.

Farmer promptly burst into tears as she held her puppet, Petunia.

The Oklahoma City youngster won the $1 million prize and a headlining appearance at a Las Vegas show.

Hale, who was also a fan favorite with her story of overcoming a serious illness, congratulated Farmer on Instagram.

Read More

--------------------------------------------------------------
http://www.cnn.com/travel/article/dubai-floating-venice-resort/index.html

----SUMMARY ARTICLE---
Developers hope The Floating Venice will be a reality by 2020.
The Floating Venice will technically be classified as a boat.
The Floating Venice, complete with a replica of St. Mark's Square, will be a slice of Italy in the Middle East.
Future plansThe Floating Venice resort, which is scheduled for completion in 2020 if plans are approved and building gets under way in 2018, has an estimated price tag of AED 2.5 billion ($680 million).
"I am extremely excited and proud of The Floating Venice," says Josef Kleindienst, the company's chairman, in a statement

----TEXT INSIDE ARTICLE---
Francesca Street, CNN • Updated 21st September 2017

(CNN) — Can the beauty of Venice be topped? Probably not. But Dubai is giving it its best shot.

The Emirate is planning to build a floating replica of the watery Italian city, complete with gondolas and canals -- and an underwater twist. The resort will be split over four decks, one of which will be submerged under the sea.

The Floating Venice is earmarked for Dubai's The World development -- an artificial group of islands constructed four kilometers offshore in the shape of global map.

Developers hope The Floating Venice will be a reality by 2020.

Underwater tourism

The resort's Venetian visionary, Kleindients proposes a subaquatic deck featuring an underwater lobby, 180 undersea bedroom cabins and three subaquatic restaurants -- offering spectacular views of marine life in the Persian Gulf.

The Floating Venice will technically be classified as a boat. Developers plan to use the same technology as the Floating Seahorse , another Kleindienst-designed underwater living experience currently under development in Dubai.

In recent years underwater tourism has proved popular across the world -- from Ithaa Undersea Restaurant in the Maldives to the underwater suites at Atlantis in the Palm Dubai.

The Floating Venice, complete with a replica of St. Mark's Square, will be a slice of Italy in the Middle East.

Future plans

The Floating Venice resort, which is scheduled for completion in 2020 if plans are approved and building gets under way in 2018, has an estimated price tag of AED 2.5 billion ($680 million).

To further evoke the flavor of Venice, it's hoped it will host Dubai editions of the city's Carnivale di Venezia, Binnale di Venezia and Festa del Rendentore.

Dubai's The World archipelago has yet to become the hot ticket prospectors hoped for when work began in 2003. Most of the 300 islands were sold off to contractors to build private residences, but the majority remain unoccupied.

Developers hope the proposed Venice replica can help improve its fortunes.

"I am extremely excited and proud of The Floating Venice," says Josef Kleindienst, the company's chairman, in a statement

--------------------------------------------------------------
http://www.cnn.com/2017/05/04/health/may-the-fourth-star-wars-child-cancer/index.html

----SUMMARY ARTICLE---
"We had no clue that he was as sick as he was, really no warning at all," Lisa Kott said.
Before the nurses walked in with more needles, Ross Kott pulled up the trailer for "Star Wars: The Force Awakens."
Every time the boy had one of his 18 or so spinal taps, they brought him a "Star Wars" balloon.
He's still fighting cancer every day, even though he looks like a normal kid, Ross Kott said.
"Watching your child suffering when you're helpless is one of the worst things you can experience in life," Lisa Kott said.

----TEXT INSIDE ARTICLE---
(CNN) Callan Kott's parents knew that something was wrong with their child when the 3-year-old looked pale and suddenly stopped singing karaoke at a Christmas party in December 2015. The New Orleans boy was usually the "life of the party" who loved to dance.

Concerned that the pneumonia he had experienced around Thanksgiving had returned, they took him to the ER for a chest X-ray. Dr. James Hanley at Ochsner Medical Center in Jefferson, Louisiana, ordered some tests. A little while later, he sat down with Ross and Lisa Kott to break the news: Their son had acute lymphoblastic leukemia, a blood and bone marrow cancer.

"We had no clue that he was as sick as he was, really no warning at all," Lisa Kott said. "It just came out of nowhere, just days before Christmas."

Callan started chemotherapy treatment immediately. He responded well to it, and the staff at Ochsner worked to make sure the Kott family would be able to go home by Christmas.

Although Callan handled those rough few days well, he was also too young to understand why the nurses had to keep poking him with needles and taking blood samples. He would cry and get upset.

Desperate to keep him calm, his parents tried to distract him with videos. Before the nurses walked in with more needles, Ross Kott pulled up the trailer for "Star Wars: The Force Awakens."

"When Ross showed him that preview, he composed himself," Lisa Kott said. "It was the oddest thing. And I think we probably watched it a hundred times after that."

Although Ross loved the "Star Wars" films as a kid, he had never shown them to his son or even mentioned the series. He was amazed to see Callan connect so strongly with a two-minute trailer. The boy's favorite characters became Kylo Ren and the rolling droid BB-8.

Callan poses in a Chewbacca jacket with a poster of his favorite character, Kylo Ren.

Over those four days in the hospital, his parents kept showing Callan the trailer every time needles were involved.

"Then, his love of 'Star Wars' took on a life of its own," Ross said.

Callan fell in love with "Star Wars" Legos and the "Clone Wars" animated series. "The Force Awakens" is the only film in the saga he has watched; his parents have tried to show him the others, but he lets them know when it gets too scary to continue.

Wanting to be sure the Kotts felt like they were in the right place, the staff at Ochsner played along, calling him "Star Wars Callan." At first, when he would show up for treatment, the Kotts would make sure that his room was full of "Star Wars" decorations. Then, the nurses surprised them with their own decorations.

Every time the boy had one of his 18 or so spinal taps, they brought him a "Star Wars" balloon.

Callan's treatment was like a roller coaster: bouts of intense chemo followed by lighter weeks, inpatient one week and outpatient the next. The hardest part for the very social kid was not being able to be in school, play with his friends or be around other family members due to his depleted immune system.

But during the ups and downs, he would "train" with his light saber in the hallway, wear the masks of his favorite "Star Wars" characters, sing the "Imperial March" and hold out his hands to "use the Force" in fighting his cancer. He told other patients that they could use the Force to help their cancer, too.

Callan practicing with his lightsaber.

When Callan had to shave his head, Ross Kott did it too, telling him it was part of training to become a Jedi. Callan also shares his love of Star Wars with his 2-year-old brother Ari. Photos on the family's Facebook page show the two brothers wearing BB-8 beanies and playing with lightsabers.

"It's a great outlet, it's wonderful for a kid with such a serious diagnosis to relate to that level of imagination," Lisa Kott said. "It's almost like you need that to get through it. You can't get through something so severe without really making it lighthearted for them."

Callan received a door that is covered with the poster from his favorite movie, "The Force Awakens."

Ross said the "Star Wars" theme has been a great distraction, bringing everyone at the hospital together and boosting morale, including their own. Even though the couple has struggled with the diagnosis, they remain positive and upbeat around Callan and encourage his love of the sci-fi/fantasy series.

Callan started to improve without setbacks in August, and his hair grew back a couple months later. He was also able to return to school and be around other people. Now, he's in remission and maintenance phase. His treatment and observation will last through 2019.

Callan's story is helping inspire other children and families through the St. Baldrick's Foundation , a charity that funds childhood cancer research and hosts events that bring together families affected by childhood cancer.

About one in 285 children in the United States will be diagnosed with cancer before age 20, according to the foundation , and acute lymphoblastic leukemia is the most common type . According to the American Cancer Society, more than 90% of children diagnosed with the disease survive.

surrounded by his favorite costumed characters at the Audubon Aquarium of the Americas in New Orleans. Callan will spend Thursday, "Star Wars" Day , at a May the 4th Be With You eventsurrounded by his favorite costumed characters at the Audubon Aquarium of the Americas in New Orleans.

He's still fighting cancer every day, even though he looks like a normal kid, Ross Kott said. If his temperature ever appears higher than normal, they may have to take him to the ER.

The family looks forward, rather than back. They're grateful to the community that has supported them in every way throughout these difficult two years.

Join the conversation See the latest news and share your comments with CNN Health on Facebook and Twitter.

"Watching your child suffering when you're helpless is one of the worst things you can experience in life," Lisa Kott said.

"I know that death is on the doorstop. I'm not going to let him in, and he's going to be waiting there for a very long time. The difference between us and any other family is that they don't see him at the doorstep. I see him, and in true Southern fashion, I will give him a glass of iced tea while he waits. Because we're still going to dance and have fun in the presence of all that. It's not going to be doom and gloom in our house."

--------------------------------------------------------------
http://www.cnn.com/videos/health/2017/09/20/navy-hospital-mishandled-babies-hln.hln/video/playlists/cant-miss/

----SUMMARY ARTICLE---
Two employees at Naval Hospital Jacksonville have been removed from patient care duties after images of them mistreating babies went viral.

----TEXT INSIDE ARTICLE---
Two employees at Naval Hospital Jacksonville have been removed from patient care duties after images of them mistreating babies went viral.

--------------------------------------------------------------
http://www.cnn.com/2017/09/20/politics/health-care-bill-mitch-mcconnell-test/index.html

----SUMMARY ARTICLE---
(CNN) Sen. Mitch McConnell faces a key test of his leadership as he works to pass a last-ditch bill to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act before a September 30 deadline.
But he acknowledged that it's hard to explain that to critics after the health care bill went down.
Sen. Roy Blunt of Missouri, a member of McConnell's leadership team, said regardless of what happens with the new health care bill, passing a tax bill is "critical" to Republicans maintaining their majority.
"I think a win is important for all of us but I think what we're doing with health care shows we're continuing to do our best," Blunt told CNN.
"I do think win or lose on the health care vote, the tax vote is critical for us and our majority."

----TEXT INSIDE ARTICLE---
(CNN) Sen. Mitch McConnell faces a key test of his leadership as he works to pass a last-ditch bill to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act before a September 30 deadline.

A victory would go a long way to silence his critics -- including President Donald Trump -- who charge the Senate majority leader failed to accomplish the top Republican promise to voters when the GOP-controlled Senate fell one vote shy of ditching Obamacare this summer. It could also buffer the Kentucky Republican against grassroots detractors unhappy that Trump, in some instances, has started to go around GOP leaders on the Hill to cut deals with Democrats on fiscal matters and possibly immigration issues.

But a second loss on health care, which is very possible, could again raise doubts about McConnell's leadership and create new tension in his relationship with Trump at a time they need to join forces to advance a major tax overhaul and other legislation.

While momentum for the new repeal bill has gained sudden and unexpected momentum in the last week, it remains highly uncertain it can get the 50 votes it would need to pass, a threshold previous bills failed to reach despite months of intense negotiations. And McConnell's conference seemingly remains just as divided as before with several moderates from states that expanded Medicaid under Obamacare wary of the impact the new bill's block grant structure will have on their constituents.

"There is still a lot of work to be done," Sen. Shelley Moore Capito of West Virginia said after a closed-door meeting Tuesday where McConnell, Vice President Mike Pence and other supporters of the bill pitched reluctant members to get on board.

McConnell's allies in the Senate defended the leader's handling of health care. They noted that he lived up to his reputation as a great Senate strategist when he cobbled together 49 of 52 Republican votes for the repeal bill this summer, a feat one described as "remarkable" even though it failed.

Sen. Pat Roberts, R-Kansas, said he is concerned about "this whole business of overly criticizing the leadership."

But he acknowledged that it's hard to explain that to critics after the health care bill went down.

"When you're explaining, you're losing," he said.

"It's very complicated both substantively and politically," said Sen. Rob Portman, who is one of those Republicans weighing how the new bill will affect his home state of Ohio. "It falls on all of us not just Mitch McConnell."

Keenly aware that another defeat on health care could be politically disastrous and a major setback for the GOP's upcoming agenda -- including passage of the tax code overhaul -- McConnell went to great lengths to avoid promising a floor vote on the new repeal bill when he answered questions from reporters.

"If we were going to go forward we would have to act before September 30," he said. "We're in the process of discussing all of this."

Republicans took a detour from drafting the tax reform legislation last week when a fresh push to try again to repeal Obamacare grew organically from GOP rank-and-file members at a private GOP conference meeting. The bill was drafted outside of the GOP leadership and health care committee structure but McConnell and his leadership team have fully embraced it as they work to recover from their stunning defeat this summer.

GOP leaders know the stakes are high.

Sen. Roy Blunt of Missouri, a member of McConnell's leadership team, said regardless of what happens with the new health care bill, passing a tax bill is "critical" to Republicans maintaining their majority.

"I think a win is important for all of us but I think what we're doing with health care shows we're continuing to do our best," Blunt told CNN. "I do think win or lose on the health care vote, the tax vote is critical for us and our majority."

--------------------------------------------------------------
http://www.cnn.com/videos/politics/2017/09/21/john-kasich-gop-health-care-cooper-intv-ac.cnn/video/playlists/top-news-videos/

----SUMMARY ARTICLE---
Chat with us in Facebook Messenger.
Find out what's happening in the world as it unfolds.

----TEXT INSIDE ARTICLE---
Chat with us in Facebook Messenger. Find out what's happening in the world as it unfolds.

--------------------------------------------------------------
http://money.cnn.com/2017/09/21/technology/toshiba-memory-chips-business/index.html?section=money_topstories

----SUMMARY ARTICLE---
Toshiba is selling its prized memory chip business for $18 billion to a group of buyers that includes Apple.
The memory chip business is its crown jewel, which has attracted interest from major tech companies like Taiwan's Foxconn.
Their willingness to support the deal highlights the importance of Toshiba's chip business to the global tech industry.
Toshiba itself will put 350 billion yen ($3.1 billion) into the special company that's being formed to buy its chip unit.
Toshiba said limited control from non-Japanese companies and the ability of the memory chip business to maintain its independence were among the reasons for choosing the Bain-led bid.

----TEXT INSIDE ARTICLE---
Toshiba is selling its prized memory chip business for $18 billion to a group of buyers that includes Apple.

The Japanese conglomerate is offloading major assets to try to deal with a crippling financial crisis. The memory chip business is its crown jewel, which has attracted interest from major tech companies like Taiwan's Foxconn.

But after a messy, months-long bidding process, Toshiba has picked a consortium led by U.S. private equity firm Bain Capital and backed financially by Apple (AAPL, Tech30), Dell (DVMT) and other U.S. and Japanese firms.

It wasn't immediately clear how much of the 2 trillion yen ($18 billion) will come from Apple, which uses memory chips for iPhones, tablets and other devices. Multiple reports suggested its stake in the bid would be significant, but the company declined to comment.

Other U.S. tech companies putting money into the deal include flash memory product maker Kingston (KINS) and data storage firm Seagate (STX), according to Bain. Their willingness to support the deal highlights the importance of Toshiba's chip business to the global tech industry.

Related: Japan Inc. aims to bail out Toshiba by buying chip business

The bidding process had been plagued by fears in Japan that the valuable technology could end up under foreign control. A tentative earlier deal for the chip business, which didn't pan out, was led by the Innovation Network Corporation of Japan (INCJ), a state-backed fund.

The new arrangement will still have Japanese backing. Toshiba itself will put 350 billion yen ($3.1 billion) into the special company that's being formed to buy its chip unit. And the INCJ and the Development Bank of Japan may also invest at a later date.

Toshiba said limited control from non-Japanese companies and the ability of the memory chip business to maintain its independence were among the reasons for choosing the Bain-led bid.

Related: Toshiba: Too big to fail?

The agreement may not be the end of the saga, however.

The Bain group fended off a challenge from U.S. data storage firm Western Digital, whose subsidiary SanDisk has a joint venture with Toshiba.

But Western Digital is still trying to block the deal. SanDisk filed new proceedings against Toshiba in international courts Wednesday, calling the deal a "retaliatory breach" of the joint venture agreement.

Toshiba shares dipped 4% in Tokyo on Thursday morning.

Toshiba's woes deepen: U.S. firm tries to block key part of survival plan

Toshiba is selling the memory chip business get out from under a massive financial crisis threatening its very survival. The collapse of its U.S. nuclear unit Westinghouse, which filed for bankruptcy earlier this year, cost the storied Japanese company some $6.4 billion.

The loss forced Toshiba to report a negative net worth for the fiscal year that ended in March. If it doesn't turn things around by the end of this fiscal year, its shares will be delisted from the Tokyo Stock Exchange.
