--------------------------------------------------------------http://www.reuters.com/article/us-eu-tax-digital/eu-eyes-solo-move-to-increase-tax-on-online-giants-risking-u-s-anger-idUSKCN1BW1P7?feedType=RSS&amp;feedName=businessNewsThe EU is frustrated at how long it is taking the world’s rich nations to reach a deal on how to tax online firms like Google (GOOGL.O) fairly.
Usually the EU decides on tax issues only with the unanimous support of its 28 members.
One was for a tax on the turnover rather than the profits of digital firms, another would put a levy on online ads, and a third would impose a withholding tax on payments to internet firms.
Such a move is likely to upset Washington and other rich nations that are home to many global tech giants.
Some states have already voiced their opposition to new taxes on digital firms, especially if decided on without a global deal in place.The Google logo is shown reflected on an adjacent office building in Irvine, California, U.S. August 7, 2017. REUTERS/Mike Blake

BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The European Commission said on Thursday it may seek to implement tax reform to raise more revenue from online giants without the backing of the United States and other rich nations, in a move that could spark a new transatlantic dispute.

The EU is frustrated at how long it is taking the world’s rich nations to reach a deal on how to tax online firms like Google (GOOGL.O) fairly. These companies on average pay bills in Europe that are less than half of those of other firms.

To prevent some smaller EU economies such as Ireland or Luxembourg, which host many foreign online businesses, from blocking the move, the commission is also raising the prospect of using little-known EU rules that would prevent states from vetoing decisions on tax matters. Usually the EU decides on tax issues only with the unanimous support of its 28 members.

The commission on Thursday outlined three options for taxes aimed at internet companies that could be agreed upon relatively quickly at the EU level or by a smaller group of EU nations.

One was for a tax on the turnover rather than the profits of digital firms, another would put a levy on online ads, and a third would impose a withholding tax on payments to internet firms.

In the longer term the EU wants to change existing taxation rights to make sure digital firms with large operations but no physical presence in a given country pay taxes there instead of being allowed to reroute their profits to low-tax jurisdictions.

The EU’s preferred option would be for an agreement on this at the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD), which includes the United States and Japan.

But “the EU must prepare to act in the absence of adequate global progress,” Commission Vice President Valdis Dombrovskis told a news conference in Brussels, saying that a legislative proposal may come next spring.

Such a move is likely to upset Washington and other rich nations that are home to many global tech giants.

The Facebook application is seen on a phone screen August 3, 2017. REUTERS/Thomas White

In a document setting out the distortions created by the low taxes paid by digital businesses, the commission cited several U.S. firms such as internet retailer Amazon (AMZN.O), social media host Facebook (FB.O), online entertainment firm Netflix (NFLX.O) and short-term rental website Airbnb.

In the report, the commission emphasized that unilateral initiatives taken in the EU would need to be carefully assessed to ensure they are compatible with World Trade Organization (WTO) rules.

“We would urge caution against EU-only measures that could run the risk of creating double taxation,” Chas Roy-Chowdhury, head of taxation at the Association of Chartered Certified Accountants (ACCA), a group representing accountants worldwide, said.

The logo of the web service Amazon is pictured in this June 8, 2017 illustration photo. REUTERS/Carlos Jasso/Illustration

REMOVING VETOES

The EU will first have to reach a compromise agreement among its 28 members by December. Some states have already voiced their opposition to new taxes on digital firms, especially if decided on without a global deal in place.

To overcome this, the commission said there was a debate on whether to strip EU countries of their veto rights on tax issues, based on an article in the EU treaties that allows such exceptional action in the event of market distortions.

“There is a broader discussion whether we should move to decision-making based on majority also in the area of taxation,” Dombrovskis told reporters.

But he added: “Currently we are basing our proposal on current rules which foresee unanimity.”

Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker last week evoked another special procedure to move to majority-based rather than unanimous decisions in matters of taxation.--------------------------------------------------------------http://www.reuters.com/article/north-korea-china-0921-thursday-idCNKCS1BW0AM--------------------------------------------------------------http://www.reuters.com/article/sportsNews/idAFKCN1BW0X5-OZASPLONDON (Reuters) - Marcus Rashford scored twice as holders Manchester United brushed aside second-tier Burton Albion 4-1 at Old Trafford to reach the fourth round of the League Cup on Wednesday.
Anthony Martial got in on the act after the break before Lloyd Dyer grabbed a stoppage-time consolation for Burton.
“Anthony Martial was good, Juan Mata was good, Jesse Lingard was good.
Rashford dinked in United’s opener after four minutes and smashed home his second after a sweet turn in the 17th minute.
Doncaster, managed by Darren Ferguson, son of Wenger’s old adversary Alex, hit the bar late on through Matty Blair.LONDON (Reuters) - Marcus Rashford scored twice as holders Manchester United brushed aside second-tier Burton Albion 4-1 at Old Trafford to reach the fourth round of the League Cup on Wednesday.

The 19-year-old England striker produced two lethal finishes in the opening 20 minutes and Jesse Lingard killed the tie off before halftime with a deflected effort.

Anthony Martial got in on the act after the break before Lloyd Dyer grabbed a stoppage-time consolation for Burton.

Manchester City, Chelsea and Arsenal also progressed, as did Everton who ended a run of four consecutive defeats with a welcome 3-0 home victory against second-tier Sunderland.

United have now scored 17 goals in five home matches this season in all competitions, although Burton became the first of those visiting sides to score at Old Trafford.

It was only a minor irritation as United produced a vibrant display with Rashford, leading the line instead of rested Romelu Lukaku, in deadly form as the Reds eased through to a fourth-round trip to Swansea City.

United made nine changes from the side that started against Everton on Sunday but still fielded a strong lineup that underlined Jose Mourinho’s attacking options.

“Anthony Martial was good, Juan Mata was good, Jesse Lingard was good. The team collectively enjoyed the game,” Mourinho, aiming for a fifth League Cup triumph, said.

Rashford dinked in United’s opener after four minutes and smashed home his second after a sweet turn in the 17th minute.

Lingard made it 3-0 before halftime with a wickedly-deflected shot and Martial struck on the hour.

Man City, level with United at the top of the Premier League, were involved in the night’s one all-Premier League tie, edging out West Bromwich Albion 2-1 at the Hawthorns.

Leroy Sane gave City a third-minute lead and struck again in the 77th minute shortly after Claudio Yacob had levelled for the home side. West Brom hit the woodwork in stoppage time.

Eden Hazard made his first start of the season for Chelsea after recovering from an ankle injury and played the full 90 minutes in a 5-1 defeat of second-tier Nottingham Forest.

Michy Batshuayi stole the spotlight though with a hat-trick while Kenedy and Charly Musonda were also on target.

Arsenal beat third-tier Doncaster Rovers 1-0 at The Emirates with Theo Walcott’s first-half goal separating the sides.

Midfielder Jack Wilshere played a full 90 minutes for Arsenal for the first time in three years while Alexis Sanchez started and set up Walcott’s winner.

“I wanted to leave him on to give him 90 minutes and overall I think it was an ideal game for him to gain confidence and fitness,” Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger said.

Doncaster, managed by Darren Ferguson, son of Wenger’s old adversary Alex, hit the bar late on through Matty Blair.

“That was hard work, credit to Doncaster, they kept going,” Wenger said. “We started well in the first 35 minutes but we decreased slowly.”--------------------------------------------------------------http://www.reuters.com/video/2017/09/19/dems-among-those-arrested-at-trump-tower?videoId=372570734&videoChannel=118169Demonstrators shutting down 5th Avenue in New York on Tuesday, protesting at Trump Tower against President Donald Trump's immigration policies.
The Trump administration is in the process of ending the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program, which protects nearly 800,000 young people from deportation.
And while Trump has been negotiating with top congressional Democratic leaders on possible legislation, protesters say they want to see policy.
We want to see actual policy that is going to help all these young people that are going to potentially lose their status."
Trump is due to stay at Trump Tower Tuesday evening, though he was not there for the protest."If we don't get it, shut it down." Demonstrators shutting down 5th Avenue in New York on Tuesday, protesting at Trump Tower against President Donald Trump's immigration policies. The police intervening at one point, arresting at least 10 protesters, including Democratic Congressmen Luis Gutierrez of Illinois and Raul Grijalva of Arizona, among others. The Trump administration is in the process of ending the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program, which protects nearly 800,000 young people from deportation. And while Trump has been negotiating with top congressional Democratic leaders on possible legislation, protesters say they want to see policy. (SOUNDBITE) (English) LUBA CORTES, MAKE THE ROAD NEW YORK, SAYING: "We've heard some conversations coming from the White House with Senator Schumer. But we want to see action not just conversation. We want to see actual policy that is going to help all these young people that are going to potentially lose their status." Trump is due to stay at Trump Tower Tuesday evening, though he was not there for the protest.--------------------------------------------------------------http://www.reuters.com/article/topNews/idMXL2N1M20YG--------------------------------------------------------------http://www.reuters.com/video/2017/09/21/islamists-lure-filipino-youngsters-with?videoId=372580988&videoChannel=2602&channelName=Most+PopularHundreds of Muslim youths are being recruited by Islamic State followers in Mindanao, a poverty-plagued southern island of the Philippines.
Reuters' Martin Petty spoke to some of them who say they were lured with payments and promises of paradise.Hundreds of Muslim youths are being recruited by Islamic State followers in Mindanao, a poverty-plagued southern island of the Philippines. Reuters' Martin Petty spoke to some of them who say they were lured with payments and promises of paradise.--------------------------------------------------------------http://www.reuters.com/article/us-telia-settlement/u-s-says-telia-settles-bribery-case-to-pay-548-6-million-idINKCN1BW1XL?il=0NEW YORK (Reuters) - The Nordic phone company Telia Co has agreed to pay $548.6 million of monetary penalties to settle a U.S. probe into alleged bribery related to its Uzbekistan business.
Telia entered a three-year deferred prosecution agreement under which it accepted responsibility for alleged wrongdoing, according to papers filed with the U.S. District Court in Manhattan, and made public on Thursday.
Its Coscom LLC unit in Uzbekistan separately pleaded guilty to one count of conspiring to violate anti-bribery provisions of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, the papers show.NEW YORK (Reuters) - The Nordic phone company Telia Co has agreed to pay $548.6 million of monetary penalties to settle a U.S. probe into alleged bribery related to its Uzbekistan business.

Telia entered a three-year deferred prosecution agreement under which it accepted responsibility for alleged wrongdoing, according to papers filed with the U.S. District Court in Manhattan, and made public on Thursday.

Its Coscom LLC unit in Uzbekistan separately pleaded guilty to one count of conspiring to violate anti-bribery provisions of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, the papers show.--------------------------------------------------------------http://www.reuters.com/article/toshiba-general-meeting-idJPKCN1BW0QY--------------------------------------------------------------http://www.reuters.com/article/saudi-telecoms-ban/saudi-lifting-ban-on-skype-whatsapp-calls-but-will-censor-them-idINKCN1BW125REUTERS/Dado RuvicRIYADH (Reuters) - The Saudi government is lifting a ban on calls made through online apps on Thursday but will monitor and censor them, a government spokesman said.
All online voice and video call services - such as Microsoft’s Skype, Facebook’s WhatsApp and Messenger, and Rakuten’s Viber - that satisfy regulatory requirements were set to become accessible overnight.
However, on Thursday morning, Viber appeared to remain blocked inside the kingdom, and WhatsApp worked only when connected to a wireless network.
Lifting the ban represents part of the Saudi government’s broad reforms to diversify the economy partly in response to low oil prices, which have hit the country’s finances.
Yet the policy reversal could squeeze Saudi Arabia’s three main telecoms operators - Saudi Telecom Co (STC), Etihad Etisalat (Mobily) and Zain Saudi - which earn revenue from international phone calls made by the millions of expatriates living in the kingdom.A man poses with a smartphone in front of displayed Whatsapp logo in this illustration September 14, 2017. REUTERS/Dado Ruvic

RIYADH (Reuters) - The Saudi government is lifting a ban on calls made through online apps on Thursday but will monitor and censor them, a government spokesman said.

All online voice and video call services - such as Microsoft’s Skype, Facebook’s WhatsApp and Messenger, and Rakuten’s Viber - that satisfy regulatory requirements were set to become accessible overnight.

However, on Thursday morning, Viber appeared to remain blocked inside the kingdom, and WhatsApp worked only when connected to a wireless network.

Adel Abu Hameed, spokesman for telecoms regulator CITC, said on Arabiya TV on Wednesday that new regulations were aimed mainly at protecting users’ personal information and blocking content that violated the kingdom’s laws.

Asked if the apps could be monitored by the authorities or companies, he said: “Under no circumstances can the user use an application for video or voice calling without monitoring and censorship by the Communications and Information Technology Commission, whether the application is global or local.”

FILE PHOTO: A web camera is seen in front of a Skype logo in this photo illustration taken in Zenica, May 26, 2015. REUTERS/Dado Ruvic

It was unclear how the authorities can monitor apps such as WhatsApp, which says its messages are supported by end-to-end encryption, meaning the company cannot read customers’ messages even if approached by law enforcement agencies.

Saudi Arabia, which introduced blocks to internet communications from 2013, has along with its Gulf Arab neighbours been wary that such services could be used by activists and militants.

Gulf Arab states, except the island kingdom of Bahrain, were mostly spared the “Arab Spring” mass protests often organised over the Internet that roiled much of the region in 2011.

Lifting the ban represents part of the Saudi government’s broad reforms to diversify the economy partly in response to low oil prices, which have hit the country’s finances.

Yet the policy reversal could squeeze Saudi Arabia’s three main telecoms operators - Saudi Telecom Co (STC), Etihad Etisalat (Mobily) and Zain Saudi - which earn revenue from international phone calls made by the millions of expatriates living in the kingdom.--------------------------------------------------------------http://www.reuters.com/video/2017/09/21/trumps-threat-to-destroy-north-korea-is?videoId=372582896&videoChannel=1&channelName=Top+NewsGermany and the United States disagree on how to handle the standoff with North Korea, Chancellor Angela Merkel said on Wednesday (September 20), condemning U.S. President Donald Trump's threat to "totally destroy" the reclusive state.
"I am against such threats," Merkel told the Deutsche Welle broadcaster when asked about Trump's remarks at the United Nations.
"We consider any form of military solution as totally inappropriate and we insist on a diplomatic solution."
But I consider everything else concerning North Korea as wrong."
Merkel said she told Trump by telephone a few days ago that a diplomatic solution must be found.ROUGH CUT. NO REPORTER NARRATION. Germany and the United States disagree on how to handle the standoff with North Korea, Chancellor Angela Merkel said on Wednesday (September 20), condemning U.S. President Donald Trump's threat to "totally destroy" the reclusive state. Merkel, who is expected to win a fourth term in an election on Sunday (September 24), said sanctions and diplomacy were the only way to get the nuclear armed state to the negotiating table. "I am against such threats," Merkel told the Deutsche Welle broadcaster when asked about Trump's remarks at the United Nations. "We consider any form of military solution as totally inappropriate and we insist on a diplomatic solution." She added: "From my point of view sanctions and their implementation are the right answer. But I consider everything else concerning North Korea as wrong." Merkel said she told Trump by telephone a few days ago that a diplomatic solution must be found.--------------------------------------------------------------http://www.reuters.com/article/sportsNews/idRUKCN1BW15K-ORUSP--------------------------------------------------------------http://www.reuters.com/article/idJP2017092101001862--------------------------------------------------------------http://www.reuters.com/article/internetNews/idLTAKCN1BV2UB-OUSLIApple dijo que el reloj puede sufrir problemas de conectividad LTE cuando se enlaza con redes abiertas de WiFi que requieren una pantalla de ingreso, como hoteles y cafeterías.
Muchos de los que revisaron el reloj, como el diario The New York Times, alabaron sus nuevas herramientas y le dieron evaluaciones en general positivas.
Además de los problemas de conexión, algunos expertos quedaron decepcionados con la velocidad en que se consume la batería del reloj mientras se hacen llamadas.
Apple publicitó hasta 18 horas de vida de la batería, pero dijo que el reloj solo tendría una hora en una llamada.
Asimismo, Apple también tuvo problemas con el iOS 11, el nuevo sistema operativo lanzado el martes.(Reuters) - Apple Inc reconoció el miércoles que su último reloj inteligente, presentado la semana pasada, tiene problemas con su función más importante: su capacidad para realizar llamadas telefónicas y acceder a los datos sin tener un iPhone cerca.

Varios expertos indicaron con anterioridad que no podían recomendar el aparato por problemas de conectividad con los datos celulares.

El precio de partida del Watch Series 3 es de 399 dólares y fue lanzado junto a nuevos modelos del iPhone. A diferencia de versiones previas del reloj, cuenta con una red de conectividad celular incluida.

Apple dijo que el reloj puede sufrir problemas de conectividad LTE cuando se enlaza con redes abiertas de WiFi que requieren una pantalla de ingreso, como hoteles y cafeterías. La compañía está “investigando un arreglo para el lanzamiento de un futuro software”, afirmó a Reuters la portavoz Amy Bessette.

Muchos de los que revisaron el reloj, como el diario The New York Times, alabaron sus nuevas herramientas y le dieron evaluaciones en general positivas. Pero destacadas publicaciones como The Wall Street Journal y The Verge recomendaron no comprar el nuevo modelo porque la conectividad de datos celulares LTE no funciona como se esperaba.

Las críticas dispares afectaron a las acciones de Apple, que caían cerca de un 2 por ciento a las 1923 GMT, a 155 dólares.

Además de los problemas de conexión, algunos expertos quedaron decepcionados con la velocidad en que se consume la batería del reloj mientras se hacen llamadas. Apple publicitó hasta 18 horas de vida de la batería, pero dijo que el reloj solo tendría una hora en una llamada.

Asimismo, Apple también tuvo problemas con el iOS 11, el nuevo sistema operativo lanzado el martes. Para los usuarios de negocios, la aplicación Mail presentó complicaciones para enviar correos electrónicos a las cuentas de Microsoft Exchange y Outlook.com.--------------------------------------------------------------http://www.reuters.com/article/topNews/idRUKCN1BW0FH-ORUTP--------------------------------------------------------------http://www.reuters.com/article/businessNews/idCAKCN1BW1M6-OCABSA man walks past an old Toronto Stock Exchange (TSX) sign in Toronto, June 23, 2014.
REUTERS/Mark BlinchTORONTO (Reuters) - Canada’s main stock index was little changed in early trade on Thursday, as gold and base metal miners weighed with a fall in commodity prices and heavyweight financials rose.
The Toronto Stock Exchange's S&P/TSX composite index .GSPTSE was up 5.1 points, or 0.03 percent, at 15,394.70 shortly after opening lower.A man walks past an old Toronto Stock Exchange (TSX) sign in Toronto, June 23, 2014. REUTERS/Mark Blinch

TORONTO (Reuters) - Canada’s main stock index was little changed in early trade on Thursday, as gold and base metal miners weighed with a fall in commodity prices and heavyweight financials rose.

The Toronto Stock Exchange's S&P/TSX composite index .GSPTSE was up 5.1 points, or 0.03 percent, at 15,394.70 shortly after opening lower.--------------------------------------------------------------http://www.reuters.com/article/safrica-rates-idCNL4S1M24SI--------------------------------------------------------------http://www.reuters.com/article/uk-storm-maria/maria-drenches-dominican-republic-after-hammering-puerto-rico-idUKKCN1BS0VLSAN JUAN, Puerto Rico (Reuters) - Hurricane Maria lashed parts of the Dominican Republic with heavy rain and high winds and headed northwest in the Caribbean on Thursday after making a direct hit on Puerto Rico that caused severe flooding and cut power to the entire island.
Puerto Rico Governor Ricardo Rossello said there was one death reported so far, a man struck by a piece of lumber hurled by high winds.
A worker walks past a fallen power pole before the arrival of Hurricane Maria in Punta Cana, Dominican Republic, September 20, 2017.
Maria was about 95 miles (150 kms) north of Punta Cana, on the east coast of the Dominican Republic on Thursday morning, the NHC said.
President Donald Trump declared a major disaster in the U.S. Virgin Islands and ordered federal aid to supplement recovery efforts, the White House said.SAN JUAN, Puerto Rico (Reuters) - Hurricane Maria lashed parts of the Dominican Republic with heavy rain and high winds and headed northwest in the Caribbean on Thursday after making a direct hit on Puerto Rico that caused severe flooding and cut power to the entire island.

Maria has killed at least 10 people as it raged through the Caribbean, the second major hurricane to do so this month.

Maria was carrying sustained winds of up to 115 miles per hour (185 km per hour) as it moved away from the Dominican Republic on a track that would take it near the Turks and Caicos Islands and the southeastern Bahamas on Thursday night and Friday, the U.S. National Hurricane Canter said in an 8 a.m. ET (1200 GMT) advisory.

Maria was ranked a Category 4 storm, near the top of the five-step Saffir-Simpson scale, with winds of up to 155 mph (250 kph), when it made landfall on Puerto Rico on Wednesday as the strongest storm to hit the U.S. territory in nearly 90 years.

It ripped apart homes, snapped power lines and turned roads into raging debris-laden rivers as it cut across the island of 3.4 million people.

In Old San Juan, Plaza de Colon, one of the grand squares adorning the colonial heart of the capital, was choked with broken branches and trees felled by the storm. Pigeons paced the square looking for scraps, their plumage threadbare.

Aiden Short, 28, a debris management worker from London, said he had headed to the British Virgin Islands to help clean up the devastation of Hurricane Irma when Maria trapped him in San Juan.

“I was supposed to have come as a professional, but now I’ve just had to weather the storm,” Short said. “But now it looks like I might be useful here.”

All of Puerto Rico was under a flash flood warning early on Thursday as the tail end of the storm could bring another 4 to 8 inches (10-20 cm) of rain on Thursday, bringing the storm’s total to 35 inches (89 cm) in parts of the island, the NHC said.

Puerto Rico Governor Ricardo Rossello said there was one death reported so far, a man struck by a piece of lumber hurled by high winds.

“It’s nothing short of a major disaster,” he said in a CNN interview, adding it might take months for the island’s electricity to be completely restored. He imposed a dusk-to-dawn curfew that runs through Saturday.

A worker walks past a fallen power pole before the arrival of Hurricane Maria in Punta Cana, Dominican Republic, September 20, 2017. REUTERS/Ricardo Rojas

MORE EXPECTED TO SEEK SHELTER

The government did not yet have an estimate of how many homes and businesses were destroyed by the storm. But authorities expected to see more people go to shelters on Thursday as they realized how badly their homes were hit, said Pedro Cerame, a spokesman for Rossello.

Thousands went to government shelters during the storm.

Slideshow (22 Images)

The island’s recovery could be complicated by its financial woes as it faces the largest municipal debt crisis in U.S. history. Both its government and the public utility have filed for bankruptcy protection amid disputes with creditors.

Maria was about 95 miles (150 kms) north of Punta Cana, on the east coast of the Dominican Republic on Thursday morning, the NHC said.

Punta Cana, a popular tourist area, was hit with wind gusts of 58 mph (93 kph) and Maria was forecast to bring storm surges, when hurricanes push ocean water dangerously over normal levels, of up to 6 feet (1.83 m) in the Dominican Republic, it said.

Maria was forecast to move north in the Atlantic Ocean over the weekend. It currently looked unlikely to hit the continental United States.

It was a rare Category 5 storm when it struck Dominica on Monday night, damaging about 95 percent of the roofs on the island of 73,000 people, one of the poorest in the Caribbean, the U.N. Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs said.

Passing early Wednesday just west of St. Croix, home to about 55,000 people, Maria damaged an estimated 65 percent to 70 percent of the island’s buildings, said Holland Redfield, who served six terms in the U.S. Virgin Islands senate.

President Donald Trump declared a major disaster in the U.S. Virgin Islands and ordered federal aid to supplement recovery efforts, the White House said.

The U.S. and British Virgin Islands were also hit this month by Hurricane Irma, which ranked as one of the most powerful Atlantic storms on record. It left a trail of destruction in several Caribbean islands and Florida, killing at least 84 people.--------------------------------------------------------------http://www.reuters.com/article/india-kashmir/militant-attack-on-ministers-convoy-kills-two-bystanders-in-kashmir-idINKCN1BW0Z1SRINAGAR, India (Reuters) - Militants attacked the convoy of a minister in the restive Indian state of Jammu and Kashmir on Thursday, killing at least two bystanders and injuring several others though the minister escaped unhurt, police said.
A grenade hurled at the motorcade of Jammu and Kashmir Public Works Minister Naeem Akhtar exploded on the road after hitting a security vehicle, senior state police official Manoj Pandita told Reuters.
Akhtar, who was on his way to inaugurate a project in the town of Tral in south Kashmir, told Reuters he was safe.
India has been fighting a long-running counter-insurgency campaign in Muslim-majority Kashmir, which both India and Pakistan claim in full but rule in part.
New Delhi accuses Pakistan of pushing in militants from its part of Kashmir to carry out attacks, a charge denied by Islamabad.SRINAGAR, India (Reuters) - Militants attacked the convoy of a minister in the restive Indian state of Jammu and Kashmir on Thursday, killing at least two bystanders and injuring several others though the minister escaped unhurt, police said.

A grenade hurled at the motorcade of Jammu and Kashmir Public Works Minister Naeem Akhtar exploded on the road after hitting a security vehicle, senior state police official Manoj Pandita told Reuters.

Akhtar, who was on his way to inaugurate a project in the town of Tral in south Kashmir, told Reuters he was safe.

The incident occurred despite tightened security in the town, which was home to former militant leader Burhan Wani whose death last year at the hands of Indian forces sparked massive protests that led to dozens more deaths.

India has been fighting a long-running counter-insurgency campaign in Muslim-majority Kashmir, which both India and Pakistan claim in full but rule in part. New Delhi accuses Pakistan of pushing in militants from its part of Kashmir to carry out attacks, a charge denied by Islamabad.

So far this year, around 44 civilians have been killed in militant attacks in the state, passing the highest annual total seen in the last eight years, according to the South Asia Terrorism Portal.--------------------------------------------------------------http://www.reuters.com/article/businessNews/idESKCN1BW0WS-OESBS--------------------------------------------------------------http://www.reuters.com/news/picture/editors-choice-pictures-idINRTX3HB59An ultra-Orthodox Jewish pilgrim looks out of a window from a building near the tomb of Rabbi Nachman of Breslov on the eve of Rosh Hashanah holiday, the Jewish New Year, in the town of Uman, Ukraine.
REUTERS/Valentyn OgirenkoAn ultra-Orthodox Jewish pilgrim looks out of a window from a building near the tomb of Rabbi Nachman of Breslov on the eve of Rosh Hashanah holiday, the Jewish New Year, in the town of Uman, Ukraine. REUTERS/Valentyn Ogirenko--------------------------------------------------------------http://cn.reuters.com/article/north-korea-china-0921-thursday-idCNKCS1BW0AM路透北京9月21日 - 中国外交部长王毅称，当前朝鲜半岛局势日趋严峻，呼吁各方务必冷静再冷静，不能让局势升级失控。中方始终主张以和平方式解决半岛核问题，而解决问题不能只有制裁没有对话，不能只有施压没有谈判。中新社周四援引王毅昨日在联合国大会期间会见德国外长加布里尔时的表态称，中方赞赏德方支持“双暂停”倡议，鼓励德方为劝和促谈作出积极努力。“国际社会要适时把制裁压力转化为谈判动力，创造和谈条件，找到和谈契机。”王毅称。德国外长加布里尔则称，德方对目前半岛局势深表关切，对国际核不扩散体系受到冲击感到忧虑。德方认为，半岛核问题只能通过对话谈判和平解决，军事手段不能成为选项。德方支持中方提出的“双暂停”倡议，赞赏美方提出处理半岛问题“四不”政策，呼吁有关各方尽早恢复和谈。德方愿为半岛核问题的和平解决发挥建设性作用。美国总统特朗普周二升级他与朝鲜(北韩)的对峙，威胁将“彻底毁灭”朝鲜2,600万人，特朗普还以“火箭人”来嘲讽朝鲜领导人金正恩。（完）路透北京9月21日 - 中国外交部长王毅称，当前朝鲜半岛局势日趋严峻，呼吁各方务必冷静再冷静，不能让局势升级失控。中方始终主张以和平方式解决半岛核问题，而解决问题不能只有制裁没有对话，不能只有施压没有谈判。

中新社周四援引王毅昨日在联合国大会期间会见德国外长加布里尔时的表态称，中方赞赏德方支持“双暂停”倡议，鼓励德方为劝和促谈作出积极努力。

“国际社会要适时把制裁压力转化为谈判动力，创造和谈条件，找到和谈契机。”王毅称。

德国外长加布里尔则称，德方对目前半岛局势深表关切，对国际核不扩散体系受到冲击感到忧虑。德方认为，半岛核问题只能通过对话谈判和平解决，军事手段不能成为选项。

德方支持中方提出的“双暂停”倡议，赞赏美方提出处理半岛问题“四不”政策，呼吁有关各方尽早恢复和谈。德方愿为半岛核问题的和平解决发挥建设性作用。

美国总统特朗普周二升级他与朝鲜(北韩)的对峙，威胁将“彻底毁灭”朝鲜2,600万人，特朗普还以“火箭人”来嘲讽朝鲜领导人金正恩。（完）--------------------------------------------------------------http://www.reuters.com/video/2017/09/21/russia-holds-military-drills-in-the-arct?videoId=372582516&videoChannel=1&channelName=Top+NewsThe Russian Ministry of Defense held live-fire rocket, artillery and anti-aircraft drills in the Arctic training for readiness for attacks by sea or air.
NO REPORTER NARRATION.
Russia's coastal defense units and Northern Fleet ships conducted live-fire rocket, artillery and anti-aircraft drills in the Arctic.
According to the Russian Ministry of Defense, ships and military hardware were used to stage defense techniques in the scenario of attacks by sea or air on the archipelago of the New Siberian Islands.
Video of the exercises released by the ministry on Wednesday (September 20) showed anti-aircraft missile launchers opening fire as well as multiple rockets launched from ships.The Russian Ministry of Defense held live-fire rocket, artillery and anti-aircraft drills in the Arctic training for readiness for attacks by sea or air. Rough cut (no reporter narration).

ROUGH CUT. NO REPORTER NARRATION. Russia's coastal defense units and Northern Fleet ships conducted live-fire rocket, artillery and anti-aircraft drills in the Arctic. According to the Russian Ministry of Defense, ships and military hardware were used to stage defense techniques in the scenario of attacks by sea or air on the archipelago of the New Siberian Islands. Video of the exercises released by the ministry on Wednesday (September 20) showed anti-aircraft missile launchers opening fire as well as multiple rockets launched from ships.--------------------------------------------------------------http://www.reuters.com/article/china-economy/sp-downgrades-china-says-rising-debt-is-stoking-economic-financial-risks-idINKCN1BW18SS&P’s one-notch downgrade to A+ from AA- comes as Beijing grapples with the challenges of containing financial risks stemming from years of credit-fueled stimulus to meet ambitious government economic growth targets.
“The downgrade reflects our assessment that a prolonged period of strong credit growth has increased China’s economic and financial risks,” S&P said in a statement, adding that the ratings outlook was stable.
“However, we foresee that credit growth in the next two to three years will remain at levels that will increase financial risks gradually,” S&P said.
Though the pace of credit growth may be easing, new bank lending and total social financing may hit fresh records this year and continue to outstrip economic growth.
All that is an argument to say China’s rating might still be too good.”Related graphic reut.rs/2jNKb2N(Reuters) - S&P Global Ratings downgraded China’s long-term sovereign credit rating on Thursday, less than a month ahead of one of the country’s most sensitive political gatherings, citing increasing risks from its rapid build-up of debt.

S&P’s one-notch downgrade to A+ from AA- comes as Beijing grapples with the challenges of containing financial risks stemming from years of credit-fueled stimulus to meet ambitious government economic growth targets.

“The downgrade reflects our assessment that a prolonged period of strong credit growth has increased China’s economic and financial risks,” S&P said in a statement, adding that the ratings outlook was stable.

S&P had said in June there was a “real” chance of a downgrade and a decision would be made based on whether China is able to move away from a credit-driven growth strategy. The demotion follows a similar move by Moody’s Investors Service in May.

While S&P’s move put its China ratings on par with those of Moody’s and Fitch, the timing raised eyebrows just weeks ahead of a twice-a-decade Communist Party Congress (CPC), which will see a key leadership reshuffle and the setting of policy priorities for the next five years.

“The downgrade is a timely reminder for the authorities that China needs to bite the bullet on some of the more painful reforms that have been left to last, namely corporate deleveraging and restructuring of state-owned companies,” said Rob Subbaraman, an economist at Nomura in Singapore.

“The focus needs to shift from quantity to quality of growth. I hope that later this year China lowers its GDP growth target to 6 percent to 6.5 percent, or not have one at all. That would be a positive sign.”

The International Monetary Fund warned this year that China’s credit growth was on a “dangerous trajectory” and called for “decisive action”, while the Bank for International Settlements said last September that excessive credit growth was signaling a banking crisis in the next three years.

The IMF said in August it expected China’s total non-financial sector debt to rise to almost 300 percent by 2022, up from 242 percent last year.

While worries about China’s sustained strong credit growth are increasing in some quarters, first-half economic growth of 6.9 percent beat expectations and some analysts said the downgrade would have little impact on financial markets.

“The decision was a catch-up with the other two credit agencies, instead of an initiative. Its impact on financial markets would very limited,” said Ken Cheung, senior Asian FX strategist at Mizuho Bank in Hong Kong.

“For those invested in yuan-denominated bonds, they care more about yuan expectations. The downgrade decision is likely to have limited impact on capital inflows as well.”

China’s stock markets had closed Thursday before the downgrade, and there was little reaction in the yuan currency.

A worker welds reinforcement bars at a site of a highway bridge under construction in Hefei, Anhui province, China September 21, 2017. REUTERS/Stringer

While risks are rising, S&P said the government’s recent efforts to reduce corporate leverage could stabilize conditions in the medium term.

“However, we foresee that credit growth in the next two to three years will remain at levels that will increase financial risks gradually,” S&P said.

S&P also lowered China’s short-term rating to A-1 from A-1+.

“It is in recognition of the reality that, concerns notwithstanding, the authorities are not planning to rein in credit growth in a forceful way,” said Louis Kuijs at Oxford Economics in Hong Kong.

FILE PHOTO: A man walks through a cloud of dust whipped up by wind at the construction site near newly erected office skyscrapers in Beijing, China April 20, 2017. REUTERS/Thomas Peter/File Photo

Indeed, Chinese banks kept the taps open in August, handing out 1.09 trillion yuan ($165.40 billion), and the growth of outstanding loans was higher than expected, at 13.2 percent.

MIXED PROGRESS

Analysts say China’s campaign to cut financial risks this year has had mixed success, and opinions differ widely on whether Beijing is moving fast enough, or decisively enough, to avert the risk of a debt crisis down the road.

Regulators are making significant inroads in reducing interbank borrowing – perhaps the most pressing risk - and have curbed some riskier types of shadow banking.

But analysts agree more comprehensive structural reforms are needed. Though the pace of credit growth may be easing, new bank lending and total social financing may hit fresh records this year and continue to outstrip economic growth.

A recent Reuters analysis showed corporate debt is growing faster than last year, with few companies using stronger profits to reduce debt.

“China’s credit problem is the biggest problem we have ever seen in any country and probably justifies a lower rating,” said Claire Dissaux, head of global economics and strategy at Millennium Global Investments in London.

“One element that models cannot capture is the strength of institutions, such as transparency of regulation of the banking sector and central bank independence. All that is an argument to say China’s rating might still be too good.”

Related graphic reut.rs/2jNKb2N--------------------------------------------------------------http://www.reuters.com/article/idJP2017092101001986?il=0--------------------------------------------------------------http://www.reuters.com/article/us-russia-saudi-arabia/saudi-king-to-visit-russia-ria-cites-kremlin-idUSKCN1BW21K?il=0FILE PHOTO: Saudi Arabia's King Salman bin Abdulaziz Al Saud stands during a reception ceremony in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia, April 5, 2017.
Bandar Algaloud/Courtesy of Saudi Royal Court/Handout via REUTERSMOSCOW (Reuters) - Saudi Arabia’s King Salman bin Abdulaziz is expected to visit Russia, the RIA news agency cited Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov as saying on Thursday.
The agency earlier cited a source saying the Saudi King’s trip to Russia is planned for Oct 4-7.FILE PHOTO: Saudi Arabia's King Salman bin Abdulaziz Al Saud stands during a reception ceremony in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia, April 5, 2017. Bandar Algaloud/Courtesy of Saudi Royal Court/Handout via REUTERS

MOSCOW (Reuters) - Saudi Arabia’s King Salman bin Abdulaziz is expected to visit Russia, the RIA news agency cited Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov as saying on Thursday.

The agency earlier cited a source saying the Saudi King’s trip to Russia is planned for Oct 4-7.--------------------------------------------------------------http://www.reuters.com/article/topNews/idLTAKCN1BW12H-OUSLT--------------------------------------------------------------http://www.reuters.com/article/usa-google-htc-idDEKCN1BW0X8Attendees use a new HTC One M8 phone during a launch event in New York, March 25, 2014.
REUTERS/Brendan McDermid (UNITED STATES - Tags: BUSINESS SCIENCE TECHNOLOGY TELECOMS)Attendees use a new HTC One M8 phone during a launch event in New York, March 25, 2014. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid (UNITED STATES - Tags: BUSINESS SCIENCE TECHNOLOGY TELECOMS)--------------------------------------------------------------http://www.reuters.com/article/puerto-rico-hurrikan-idDEKCN1BW0NSA man tries to salvage a table belonging to his restaurant before the arrival of Hurricane Maria in Punta Cana, Dominican Republic, September 20, 2017.
REUTERS/Ricardo Rojas TPX IMAGES OF THE DAYA man tries to salvage a table belonging to his restaurant before the arrival of Hurricane Maria in Punta Cana, Dominican Republic, September 20, 2017. REUTERS/Ricardo Rojas TPX IMAGES OF THE DAY--------------------------------------------------------------http://www.reuters.com/video/2017/09/19/breakingviews-tv-ready-to-roku?videoId=372567792&videoChannel=117766Jen Saba and Jeffrey Goldfarb talk about the TV-streaming device maker's upcoming IPO and why its $1.3 bln valuation target may be a little too lofty.Jen Saba and Jeffrey Goldfarb talk about the TV-streaming device maker's upcoming IPO and why its $1.3 bln valuation target may be a little too lofty.--------------------------------------------------------------http://www.reuters.com/article/idJP2017092101001800?il=0--------------------------------------------------------------http://www.reuters.com/article/topNews/idESKCN1BW1UD-OESTP--------------------------------------------------------------http://www.reuters.com/video/2017/09/21/boj-policy-on-hold-but-new-board-member?videoId=372583253&videoChannel=5How to deal with inflation that - in the words of Haruhiko Kuroda - is still 'distant' from the Bank of Japan's two per cent target?
(SOUNDBITE) (Japanese) BANK OF JAPAN GOVERNOR, HARUHIKO KURODA, SAYING: "We will adjust policy as needed to maintain momentum towards our inflation goal ... As such, we will take further monetary easing steps, if necessary."
As the Bank keeps its so-called 'yield curve control' policy locked down.
(SOUNDBITE) (English) LCG SENIOR ANALYST, JASPER LAWLER, SAYING: "Actually the dissent was to cut rates rather than keep them steady.
As Kuroda told reporters, just because U.S. interest rates rise, it doesn't mean Japanese rates have to rise too.Abenomics has brought massive stimulus in Japan. But there's a massive conundrum too. How to deal with inflation that - in the words of Haruhiko Kuroda - is still 'distant' from the Bank of Japan's two per cent target? (SOUNDBITE) (Japanese) BANK OF JAPAN GOVERNOR, HARUHIKO KURODA, SAYING: "We will adjust policy as needed to maintain momentum towards our inflation goal ... As such, we will take further monetary easing steps, if necessary." An annual 80 trillion yen of bond buying left on hold at this meeting. As the Bank keeps its so-called 'yield curve control' policy locked down. (SOUNDBITE) (English) PANMURE GORDON CHIEF ECONOMIST, SIMON FRENCH, SAYING: "What they'll be looking for is holding that position until such a point as they get enough signals that inflation is starting to pick up from what is a very very low structurally inflationary starting point." And with a headline rate of just 0.4 per cent, some might even go further. BoJ newcomer Goushi Kataoka voting against the decision. On the basis that current policy isn't enough. (SOUNDBITE) (English) LCG SENIOR ANALYST, JASPER LAWLER, SAYING: "Actually the dissent was to cut rates rather than keep them steady. So absolutely no consideration to actually start following in the path of other central banks around the world, of course the Fed, more recently the Bank of England, perhaps eventually the ECB, to actually start tightening policy." The man behind Abenomics - Japan's prime minister - could, it's thought, be about to call a snap election. This week pledging tax, budgetary and regulatory measures to boost investment. That could also boost pressure on the BoJ to maintain ultra-loose stimulus. As Kuroda told reporters, just because U.S. interest rates rise, it doesn't mean Japanese rates have to rise too.--------------------------------------------------------------http://www.reuters.com/article/topNews/idARAKCN1BV301--------------------------------------------------------------http://www.reuters.com/article/germany-bnpcommerzbank-0921-thursday-idCNKCS1BW0WU--------------------------------------------------------------http://in.reuters.com/news/picture/pictures-report-idINRTX3EU9RA Rohingya woman looks on after being restricted by the members of Border Guards Bangladesh (BGB) to enter into Bangladesh side, in Cox�s Bazar, Bangladesh.
REUTERS/Mohammad Ponir HossainA Rohingya woman looks on after being restricted by the members of Border Guards Bangladesh (BGB) to enter into Bangladesh side, in Cox�s Bazar, Bangladesh.
REUTERS/Mohammad Ponir HossainCloseA Rohingya woman looks on after being restricted by the members of Border Guards Bangladesh (BGB) to enter into Bangladesh side, in Cox�s Bazar, Bangladesh. REUTERS/Mohammad Ponir Hossain

A Rohingya woman looks on after being restricted by the members of Border Guards Bangladesh (BGB) to enter into Bangladesh side, in Cox�s Bazar, Bangladesh. REUTERS/Mohammad Ponir Hossain

Close--------------------------------------------------------------http://www.reuters.com/article/fifpro-idJPKCN1BW0EB--------------------------------------------------------------http://www.reuters.com/article/us-philippines-protest/thousands-rally-in-philippines-to-warn-of-duterte-dictatorship-idUSKCN1BW0YAProtesters burn a cube effigy with a face of President Rodrigo Duterte during a National Day of Protest outside the presidential palace in metro Manila, Philippines September 21, 2017.
REUTERS/Romeo RanocoMANILA (Reuters) - Thousands of Filipinos rallied on Thursday to denounce Philippines President Rodrigo Duterte and warn of what they called an emerging dictatorship, in a major show of dissent against the controversial but hugely popular leader.
Effigies of Duterte were burned, including one which bore both his face and that of late Nazi leader Adolf Hitler.
Protesters burn a cube effigy with a face of President Rodrigo Duterte during a National Day of Protest outside the presidential palace in metro Manila, Philippines September 21, 2017.
But he won last year’s election by a big margin and has maintained one of the highest public approval ratings of a Philippines president.Protesters burn a cube effigy with a face of President Rodrigo Duterte during a National Day of Protest outside the presidential palace in metro Manila, Philippines September 21, 2017. REUTERS/Romeo Ranoco

MANILA (Reuters) - Thousands of Filipinos rallied on Thursday to denounce Philippines President Rodrigo Duterte and warn of what they called an emerging dictatorship, in a major show of dissent against the controversial but hugely popular leader.

Politicians, indigenous people, priests, businessmen, and left-wing activists held marches and church masses accusing Duterte of authoritarianism and protesting at policies including a ferocious war on drugs that has killed thousands.

Signs saying “Stop The Killings” and “No To Martial Rule” reflected fears that Duterte would one day deliver on his threat to declare nationwide military rule like that imposed by late dictator Ferdinand Marcos.

The rallies marked the 45th anniversary of the start of that era, remembered by many Filipinos as brutal and oppressive.

Effigies of Duterte were burned, including one which bore both his face and that of late Nazi leader Adolf Hitler.

A protester with a toy gun played dead on the ground in a reenactment of one of a spree of drug-related killings that activists say are executions staged by police. Police reject those allegations.

Anti-Duterte Senator Risa Hontiveros said democracy was under threat by a “Dutertatorship” with a “policy of killing”.

Vice President Leni Robredo, who was not Duterte’s running mate, said Filipinos should recognize signs of “rising tyranny”.

“It’s sad that we seemed to have not learned our lessons,” Robredro said. “There’s a culture of violence around us.”

Marcos declared martial law in 1972 and held power for 14 years until his removal in a bloodless, army-backed “people’s power” uprising. He abolished democratic institutions and was accused of killing, torturing and “disappearing” thousands of opponents.

Protesters burn a cube effigy with a face of President Rodrigo Duterte during a National Day of Protest outside the presidential palace in metro Manila, Philippines September 21, 2017. REUTERS/Romeo Ranoco

‘JUST GRIPING’

Duterte has expressed admiration for Marcos. His critics are alarmed by his autocratic rhetoric and a vicious disdain for his detractors.

But he won last year’s election by a big margin and has maintained one of the highest public approval ratings of a Philippines president.

Several thousand turned out on Thursday to show their support for Duterte at a rival rally that entertained crowds with live music, dancing and food.

Slideshow (8 Images)

“This is to tell the people that ‘here we are, we are the majority who are happy with the government and not those few who are just griping’,” said rally organizer Benny Antiporda, a former journalist.

Millions of Filipinos admire Duterte’s down-to-earth style, his decisiveness and even his imperfections.

His supporters at home and among the diaspora see him as a champion of ordinary people and the best hope for change that presidents from the political elite failed to bring.

The anti-Duterte demonstrators criticized his pro-China stance and the destruction in southern Marawi City by military air strikes targeting Islamist militants.

Others decried what they see as his cozy relationship with the still-powerful Marcos family.

“It seems that what we fought for in 1972, is again back. The total disrespect for human life, dignity, human rights. And that was how we started,” said Rene Saguisag, a former senator and human rights lawyer.

“In some ways, it may be worse.”--------------------------------------------------------------http://www.reuters.com/article/us-eu-tax-digital/eu-eyes-solo-move-to-increase-tax-on-online-giants-risking-u-s-anger-idUKKCN1BW1P7The EU is frustrated at how long it is taking the world’s rich nations to reach a deal on how to tax online firms like Google (GOOGL.O) fairly.
Usually the EU decides on tax issues only with the unanimous support of its 28 members.
One was for a tax on the turnover rather than the profits of digital firms, another would put a levy on online ads, and a third would impose a withholding tax on payments to internet firms.
Such a move is likely to upset Washington and other rich nations that are home to many global tech giants.
Some states have already voiced their opposition to new taxes on digital firms, especially if decided on without a global deal in place.The Google logo is shown reflected on an adjacent office building in Irvine, California, U.S. August 7, 2017. REUTERS/Mike Blake

BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The European Commission said on Thursday it may seek to implement tax reform to raise more revenue from online giants without the backing of the United States and other rich nations, in a move that could spark a new transatlantic dispute.

The EU is frustrated at how long it is taking the world’s rich nations to reach a deal on how to tax online firms like Google (GOOGL.O) fairly. These companies on average pay bills in Europe that are less than half of those of other firms.

To prevent some smaller EU economies such as Ireland or Luxembourg, which host many foreign online businesses, from blocking the move, the commission is also raising the prospect of using little-known EU rules that would prevent states from vetoing decisions on tax matters. Usually the EU decides on tax issues only with the unanimous support of its 28 members.

The commission on Thursday outlined three options for taxes aimed at internet companies that could be agreed upon relatively quickly at the EU level or by a smaller group of EU nations.

One was for a tax on the turnover rather than the profits of digital firms, another would put a levy on online ads, and a third would impose a withholding tax on payments to internet firms.

In the longer term the EU wants to change existing taxation rights to make sure digital firms with large operations but no physical presence in a given country pay taxes there instead of being allowed to reroute their profits to low-tax jurisdictions.

The EU’s preferred option would be for an agreement on this at the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD), which includes the United States and Japan.

But “the EU must prepare to act in the absence of adequate global progress,” Commission Vice President Valdis Dombrovskis told a news conference in Brussels, saying that a legislative proposal may come next spring.

Such a move is likely to upset Washington and other rich nations that are home to many global tech giants.

The Facebook application is seen on a phone screen August 3, 2017. REUTERS/Thomas White

In a document setting out the distortions created by the low taxes paid by digital businesses, the commission cited several U.S. firms such as internet retailer Amazon (AMZN.O), social media host Facebook (FB.O), online entertainment firm Netflix (NFLX.O) and short-term rental website Airbnb.

In the report, the commission emphasized that unilateral initiatives taken in the EU would need to be carefully assessed to ensure they are compatible with World Trade Organization (WTO) rules.

“We would urge caution against EU-only measures that could run the risk of creating double taxation,” Chas Roy-Chowdhury, head of taxation at the Association of Chartered Certified Accountants (ACCA), a group representing accountants worldwide, said.

The logo of the web service Amazon is pictured in this June 8, 2017 illustration photo. REUTERS/Carlos Jasso/Illustration

REMOVING VETOES

The EU will first have to reach a compromise agreement among its 28 members by December. Some states have already voiced their opposition to new taxes on digital firms, especially if decided on without a global deal in place.

To overcome this, the commission said there was a debate on whether to strip EU countries of their veto rights on tax issues, based on an article in the EU treaties that allows such exceptional action in the event of market distortions.

“There is a broader discussion whether we should move to decision-making based on majority also in the area of taxation,” Dombrovskis told reporters.

But he added: “Currently we are basing our proposal on current rules which foresee unanimity.”

Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker last week evoked another special procedure to move to majority-based rather than unanimous decisions in matters of taxation.--------------------------------------------------------------http://www.reuters.com/video/2017/09/21/russia-holds-military-drills-in-the-arct?videoId=372582516&videoChannel=101The Russian Ministry of Defense held live-fire rocket, artillery and anti-aircraft drills in the Arctic training for readiness for attacks by sea or air.
NO REPORTER NARRATION.
Russia's coastal defense units and Northern Fleet ships conducted live-fire rocket, artillery and anti-aircraft drills in the Arctic.
According to the Russian Ministry of Defense, ships and military hardware were used to stage defense techniques in the scenario of attacks by sea or air on the archipelago of the New Siberian Islands.
Video of the exercises released by the ministry on Wednesday (September 20) showed anti-aircraft missile launchers opening fire as well as multiple rockets launched from ships.The Russian Ministry of Defense held live-fire rocket, artillery and anti-aircraft drills in the Arctic training for readiness for attacks by sea or air. Rough cut (no reporter narration).

ROUGH CUT. NO REPORTER NARRATION. Russia's coastal defense units and Northern Fleet ships conducted live-fire rocket, artillery and anti-aircraft drills in the Arctic. According to the Russian Ministry of Defense, ships and military hardware were used to stage defense techniques in the scenario of attacks by sea or air on the archipelago of the New Siberian Islands. Video of the exercises released by the ministry on Wednesday (September 20) showed anti-aircraft missile launchers opening fire as well as multiple rockets launched from ships.--------------------------------------------------------------http://www.reuters.com/article/deutschland-lufthansa-air-berlin-idDEKCN1BW1D6REUTERS/Fabian BimmerBerlin/Frankfurt (Reuters) - Das Rennen um die insolvente Fluggesellschaft Air Berlin geht auf die Zielgerade.
Endgültige Entscheidungen sollen aber erst am Montag fallen, wenn der Aufsichtsrat von Air Berlin tagt.
Dieser Wert werde auch für die Kartellbehörden entscheidend sein.
Das Berliner Logistikunternehmen Zeitfracht liebäugelt mit der Frachtsparte Leisure Cargo, der Regionalflugtochter Walter (LGW) und die Air Berlin Technik.
LUFTHANSA WILL BIS ZU 3000 NEUE LEUTE EINSTELLENSpohr nannte erstmals öffentlich Details seiner Offerte: Priorität habe für die Lufthansa, sich die 38 Maschinen von Air Berlin zu sichern, die schon für die Lufthansa-Tochter Eurowings geleast wurden.Lufthansa Chief Executive Officer Carsten Spohr delivers his speech at the annual shareholders meeting in Hamburg, Germany May 5 2017. REUTERS/Fabian Bimmer

Berlin/Frankfurt (Reuters) - Das Rennen um die insolvente Fluggesellschaft Air Berlin geht auf die Zielgerade.

Der Gläubigerausschuss wollte am Donnerstag über die vorliegenden Angebote beraten und möglicherweise auch schon erste Weichen stellen, welcher Bieter welchen Teil der Airline bekommt. Endgültige Entscheidungen sollen aber erst am Montag fallen, wenn der Aufsichtsrat von Air Berlin tagt. Die Lufthansa rechnet sich trotz ihres hohen Marktanteils in Deutschland gute Chancen für eine Übernahme von bis zu 80 der insgesamt 144 Air-Berlin-Flugzeuge aus. “Viel mehr werden wir kartellrechtlich gar nicht machen können”, sagte Lufthansa-Chef Carsten Spohr am Mittwochabend in Frankfurt.

Einschließlich aller Umsteigflüge habe die Lufthansa-Gruppe in Deutschland einen Marktanteil von 34 Prozent. Dieser Wert werde auch für die Kartellbehörden entscheidend sein. “Deshalb sind wir optimistisch, dass das, was wir uns vorstellen, genehmigungsfähig ist”, sagte Spohr.

Neben der Kranich-Airline gehören auch Easyjet, Condor, die British-Airways-Mutter IAG sowie die Luftfahrtunternehmer Hans Rudolf Wöhrl und Niki Lauda zum Bieterkreis. Das Berliner Logistikunternehmen Zeitfracht liebäugelt mit der Frachtsparte Leisure Cargo, der Regionalflugtochter Walter (LGW) und die Air Berlin Technik. Aus Verhandlungskreisen verlautete, Zeitfracht biete für das Paket. Nur einzelne Teile davon wären womöglich weniger interessant.

Die Lufthansa hatte als erstes ihr Konzept für einen Teilkauf der Mitte August pleite gegangenen Air Berlin vorgelegt - was der Erzrivale Ryanair als abgekartetes Spiel mit der Bundesregierung kritisiert hatte.

LUFTHANSA WILL BIS ZU 3000 NEUE LEUTE EINSTELLEN

Spohr nannte erstmals öffentlich Details seiner Offerte: Priorität habe für die Lufthansa, sich die 38 Maschinen von Air Berlin zu sichern, die schon für die Lufthansa-Tochter Eurowings geleast wurden. Dazu sollten 20 bis 40 weitere Maschinen für Kurz- und Mittelstrecken kommen. “Wir glauben, durch die Entwicklung in Berlin voraussichtlich bis zu 3000 neue Mitarbeiter begrüßen zu dürfen”, sagte Spohr. Das sei angesichts der Belegschaft von derzeit rund 130.000 bei Lufthansa eine riesige Zahl. Für die mittlerweile schon größtenteils stillstehenden Langstreckenmaschinen der Air Berlin habe er nicht geboten, ergänzte Spohr. Wie Reuters jüngst von Insidern erfahren hatte, streicht Air Berlin voraussichtlich zum 15. Oktober auch die letzten Langstreckenflüge aus Düsseldorf.

Die Langstrecke bei Eurowings soll Spohr zufolge in Düsseldorf und Berlin aus eigener Kraft wachsen. In den vergangenen zwölf Monaten seien im Konzern 40 neue Flugzeuge angeschafft worden. Auch in den kommenden Jahren solle fast jede Woche eine Maschine hinzukommen.

Der Dax-Konzern hat sich Spohr zufolge sowohl auf ein Gelingen als auch auf ein Scheitern des Air-Berlin-Verkaufs vorbereitet. “Diese 20 bis 40 werden wir sowieso darstellen”, sagte Spohr. “Wir werden unseren Marktanteil erweitern.” Der Lufthansa-Chef bekräftigte, dass es in der “am stärksten zersplitterten Branche” eine Konsolidierung geben müsse. Dabei wolle die Lufthansa eine aktive Rolle spielen. Das Selbstbewusstsein des deutschen Marktführers ist nach zwei Jahren mit Rekordgewinnen gewachsen. Spohr ist auch für 2017 nach eigenen Worten zuversichtlich. An seiner guten Laune sei zu erkennen, “dass natürlich dieses Jahr noch deutlich besser läuft als schon die letzten beiden Rekordjahre.”--------------------------------------------------------------http://www.reuters.com/article/topNews/idITKCN1BW1DN-OITTPCOME UNA NORMALE POLIZIAMohamed ha rivelato che il GNA, a cui l’Italia chiede di bloccare i flussi di migranti, sta facendo pressione sulla brigata Dabbashi.
Il GNA “ha detto che avrebbe creato una coalizione di tutte le città della Libia occidentale contro di noi, per combatterci”.
“Quest’affare del traffico... tutti sanno che la Libia non rimarrà così per sempre”, dice Mohamed.
“Ci hanno detto che potrebbero perdonare tutto ciò che abbiamo fatto in passato”, aggiunge, facendo riferimento al traffico di esseri umani.
“Vogliono riprendere (con il traffico di esseri umani)”.Migranti salvati in mare, al largo della città libica di Sabrata. REUTERS/Darrin Zammit Lupi

ROMA/TUNISI (Reuters) - Un potente gruppo armato, coinvolto nel traffico di esseri umani dalla Libia, sta cercando di legittimarsi e di ottenere impieghi di Stato nel settore della sicurezza dal governo di Tripoli in cambio del blocco alle partenze dei barconi dalle coste di Sabrata verso l’Italia. Lo rivela un componente di alto livello dell’organizzazione.

Il gruppo, la brigata Anas al-Dabbashi, quest’estate ha raggiunto un accordo per bloccare il traffico con il governo libico di unità nazionale (GNA) sostenuto dalle Nazioni Unite, ha rivelato a Reuters l’esponente dell’organizzazione, che si è identificato come Mohamed.

La necessità per il GNA di raggiungere un simile accordo rifletterebbe il potere dei gruppi armati attivi nella Libia occidentale, che localmente detengono il potere effettivo dalla rivolta del 2011, che portò alla deposizione di Muammar Gheddafi.

La rivelazione farebbe anche luce sulla precarietà della netta riduzione negli arrivi di migranti registrata negli ultimi tempi in Italia, lungo la rotta che ha sostituito quella dell‘Egeo nelle preoccupazioni dell’Europa.

Il GNA non ha risposto alla richiesta di commenti.

Fonti locali, che hanno voluto rimanere anonime, hanno dichiarato che c’è stato almeno un incontro tra funzionari del governo e Ahmed al-Dabbashi, indicato come uno dei maggiori “facilitatori” del traffico di esseri umani in Libia in un rapporto Onu pubblicato quest’anno.

Mohamed ha detto che gli incontri sono stati più di uno, e che alla brigata è stata offerta anche la possibilità di un’amnistia per le attività legate al traffico svolte in passato.

Per mostrare la propria capacità di sostenere un accordo con Tripoli il gruppo, composto da centinaia di uomini, ha imposto con l’aiuto della guardia costiera un giro di vite sulle partenze che il mese scorso ha portato a un crollo dell’80% degli arrivi di migranti in Italia, ha aggiunto Mohamed.

Con le elezioni che incombono nella prima parte dell’anno prossimo il governo italiano, che ha accolto con favore l’improvviso calo degli arrivi fotografato dai dati ufficiali, è sotto pressione per dimostrare che può bloccare, o quantomeno rallentare, gli arrivi di migranti dallo Stato produttore di petrolio.

La Libia rimane divisa tra gruppi politici rivali e alleanze armate. Il GNA ha lottato per imporre la propria autorità su Tripoli e su alte parti della Libia occidentale, ed è stato respinto dalle fazioni che controllano la parte est del Paese.

COME UNA NORMALE POLIZIA

Mohamed ha rivelato che il GNA, a cui l’Italia chiede di bloccare i flussi di migranti, sta facendo pressione sulla brigata Dabbashi. Il GNA “ha detto che avrebbe creato una coalizione di tutte le città della Libia occidentale contro di noi, per combatterci”.

“Dall’altra parte, ci hanno offerto di unirci alla polizia e all’esercito”, aggiunge Mohamed. “Se questo piano andasse avanti e il governo (di Tripoli) stesse dicendo la verità... in sei mesi tutto questo battaglione diventerebbe normale polizia”.

Una seconda fonte a Sabrata ha parlato con Ahmed al-Dabbashi, il quale ha confermato che Mohamed è un membro della brigata. È la prima volta che un membro della brigata parla in maniera diffusa del perché il gruppo sia improvvisamente passato da attività di traffico ad attività di polizia, un cambiamento che Reuters aveva segnalato per prima il mese scorso. [nL8N1L81QN]

Alcuni media internazionali hanno riferito che Dabbashi avrebbe ricevuto cinque milioni di euro direttamente dai servizi segreti italiani per bloccare le barche di migranti, ma Mohamed nega questa ricostruzione. Anche l’Italia ha smentito qualsiasi pagamento diretto ai gruppi armati.

La fragilità della situazione a Sabrata in termini di sicurezza è stata sottolineata dagli scontri territoriali scoppiati nel fine settimana, con il gruppo Dabbashi coinvolto in alcuni tra i confronti armati più pesanti registrati in città negli ultimi anni.

Le esplosioni si sentivano fino al porto di Zawiya, a 22 chilometri di distanza.

Entrambe le parti coinvolte nella contesa sostengono di avere l’appoggio del governo di Tripoli, e l’anno scorso hanno combattuto assieme per scacciare le forze di Stato islamico dalla zona.

“UN MINIMO DI INTELLIGENZA”

Con l’Italia e l’Unione europea che offrono milioni di euro alle autorità locali libiche capaci di bloccare il traffico, i gruppi armati hanno interesse a provare di essere gli unici nelle condizioni di controllare il territorio.

“Quest’affare del traffico... tutti sanno che la Libia non rimarrà così per sempre”, dice Mohamed. “Se hai anche un minimo di intelligenza, vai con il governo”.

Come risultato della sorveglianza da parte di Dabbashi e delle intercettazioni dei barconi da parte della guardia costiera, gli arrivi in Italia di migranti salvati in mare sono diminuiti del 50% a luglio rispetto a un anno prima, e di oltre l’80% ad agosto. Negli ultimi tre anni, questi due mesi sono stati quelli di picco.

I dati ufficiali dicono che ci sono stati complessivamente più di 100.000 arrivi in Italia quest’anno, in diminuzione di oltre il 20% rispetto al 2016.

Per tenere a freno il traffico, l’Italia è in prima fila nel tentativo di rafforzare la guardia costiera libica, e sta trattando direttamente con le autorità locali, incluso il sindaco di Sabrata Hussein al-Thwadi, a cui offre incentivi per fermare i flussi.

IL PERDONO SUL TAVOLO

Thwadi ha cercato sostegno direttamente dall’Italia, incontrando l’ambasciatore italiano questo mese e il ministro dell’Interno Marco Minniti a luglio.

La brigata Dabbashi, che sorveglia anche un impianto di estrazione di gas e petrolio a ovest di Sabrata gestito dalla Compagnia nazionale petrolifera libica (NOC) e dall’italiana Eni, ha negato qualsiasi contatto diretto con l’Italia. E’ alleata con la Brigata 48, un gruppo di circa 300 soldati allineati al GNA.

“Abbiamo accordi soltanto con il governo (di Tripoli)”, dichiara Mohamed. “Ci hanno detto che potrebbero perdonare tutto ciò che abbiamo fatto in passato”, aggiunge, facendo riferimento al traffico di esseri umani.

Ma non è chiaro se il governo di Tripoli potrà mantenere le promesse di inserire gli uomini di Dabbashi nei propri ranghi, o se altri gruppi potranno contenere le forze che intendono andare avanti con il traffico.

Sabato esponenti della guardia costiera libica hanno comunicato di aver riportato indietro oltre 1.000 migranti che viaggiavano in almeno otto barche. Quello stesso giorno, la brigata Dabbashi ne ha intercettati altri 3.000, dice Mohamed. Più di 1.500 sono stati salvati in mare e portati in Italia.

“Molte persone ci stanno facendo pressione perché smettiamo”, dice Mohamed a proposito del giro di vite imposto da Dabbashi sulle partenze di migranti. “Vogliono riprendere (con il traffico di esseri umani)”.

Sul sito www.reuters.it le altre notizie Reuters in italiano. Le top news anche su www.twitter.com/reuters_italia--------------------------------------------------------------http://www.reuters.com/article/businessNews/idARL2N1M11Y8Cyber RiskDistrustful U.S. allies force NSA to back down in encryption fightCyber Risk

Distrustful U.S. allies force NSA to back down in encryption fight--------------------------------------------------------------http://www.reuters.com/video/2017/09/21/aerial-footage-shows-sprawling-coxs-baza?videoId=372581244&videoChannel=75NO REPORTER NARRATION.
Rohingya Muslims at the Tengkali camp in Bangladesh woke up to clear weather on Thursday (September 21) after two days of torrential rain causing low lying areas to flood.
Thousands of refugees fought their way through waist-deep waters on Wednesday (September 20) with children and their belongings in search for higher ground.
The violence in western Myanmar began on August 25 when Rohingya insurgents attacked around 30 police posts and an army camp, killing around 12 people.
The killings led to a military response that has forced more than 421,000 Rohingya Muslims, more than half of them children, into neighbouring Bangladesh.ROUGH CUT. NO REPORTER NARRATION. Rohingya Muslims at the Tengkali camp in Bangladesh woke up to clear weather on Thursday (September 21) after two days of torrential rain causing low lying areas to flood. Thousands of refugees fought their way through waist-deep waters on Wednesday (September 20) with children and their belongings in search for higher ground. The violence in western Myanmar began on August 25 when Rohingya insurgents attacked around 30 police posts and an army camp, killing around 12 people. The killings led to a military response that has forced more than 421,000 Rohingya Muslims, more than half of them children, into neighbouring Bangladesh.--------------------------------------------------------------http://www.reuters.com/article/asia-forex-emerging-poll-idCNKCS1BW184--------------------------------------------------------------http://www.reuters.com/article/jd-loan-0921-thursday-idCNKCS1BW0XJ?il=0--------------------------------------------------------------http://www.reuters.com/article/us-usa-stocks/wall-st-lower-as-investors-assess-feds-hawkish-stance-idUSKCN1BW1K4?il=0A trader works on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) in New York, U.S., September 8, 2017.
Nine of the 11 major S&P sectors were lower, with the technology index’s .SPLRCT 0.50 percent fall leading the decliners.
Apple (AAPL.O) was down 1 percent and was the biggest drag on all the three major indexes.
The financial sector .SPSY was among the two gainers as banks tend to perform better in a higher rate environment.
Citigroup (C.N), Bank of America (BAC.N), JPMorgan (JPM.N) and Goldman Sachs (GS.N) were all higher in early trading.A trader works on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) in New York, U.S., September 8, 2017. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid

(Reuters) - U.S. stocks pulled back from their all-time highs on Thursday as investors assessed the Federal Reserve’s policy statement, which hinted at raising interest rates for the third time this year and laid out plans to roll back its monetary stimulus.

The Fed said it would begin to reduce its approximately $4.2 trillion in holdings of U.S. Treasury bonds and mortgage-backed securities - acquired in the years after the 2008 financial crisis - from October.

While the central bank left rates unchanged, it cited low unemployment, growth in business investment and an economic expansion that has been moderate but durable this year to build its case for another rate hike in 2017.

Interest rate futures are now pricing in about a 70 percent chance of a December hike, according to CME’s FedWatch tool, up from above 50 percent prior to the Fed meeting.

Fed Chair Janet Yellen said the fall in inflation this year remained a mystery, adding that the central bank was ready to change the interest rate outlook if needed.

“The hint of a rate hike in December was no surprise to us and we reiterate our stand, that it is not likely to unravel the market’s bullish posture in anticipation of tax cuts,” said Peter Cardillo, chief market economist at First Standard Financial.

At 9:41 a.m. ET (1341 GMT), the Dow Jones Industrial Average .DJI was down 11.45 points, or 0.05 percent, at 22,401.14, the S&P 500 .SPX was down 4.63 points, or 0.18 percent, at 2,503.61.

The Nasdaq Composite .IXIC was down 24.52 points, or 0.38 percent, at 6,431.53.

Nine of the 11 major S&P sectors were lower, with the technology index’s .SPLRCT 0.50 percent fall leading the decliners.

Apple (AAPL.O) was down 1 percent and was the biggest drag on all the three major indexes.

The financial sector .SPSY was among the two gainers as banks tend to perform better in a higher rate environment.

Citigroup (C.N), Bank of America (BAC.N), JPMorgan (JPM.N) and Goldman Sachs (GS.N) were all higher in early trading.

U.S. stocks have continued to climb this year, with the S&P up about 12 percent so far, helped by strong corporate profits and optimism that U.S. President Donald Trump will cut business taxes.

Economic data showed the number of Americans filing for unemployment benefits fell unexpectedly to 259,000, but the data continued to be influenced by Hurricanes Harvey and Irma, muddying the labor market picture in the near term.

Shares of Calgon Carbon (CCC.N) soared 61.5 percent after Japanese chemical manufacturer Kuraray (3405.T) agreed to buy the carbon materials firm for $1.107 billion.

Advanced Micro Devices (AMD.O) was up 1 percent after a report that Tesla (TSLA.O) is working with the chipmaker to develop its own artificial intelligence chip for self-driving cars. Rival chipmaker Nvidia (NVDA.O) was down 2.8 percent, while Tesla was flat.

Declining issues outnumbered advancers on the NYSE by 1,331 to 1,140. On the Nasdaq, 1,378 issues fell and 915 advanced.--------------------------------------------------------------http://www.reuters.com/article/china-yuan-forex-float-expert-view-idCNKCS1BV0Y6--------------------------------------------------------------http://www.reuters.com/article/uk-eurozone-greece-tsipras/as-crisis-ebbs-tsipras-promises-doubters-a-new-greece-idUKKCN1BW1XEFILE PHOTO: Greek Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras waits to welcome his Maltese counterpart Joseph Muscat at the Maximos Mansion in Athens, Greece March 1, 2017.
The 43-year-old leftist acknowledged this week that the crisis was not over, but expressed optimism about the rest of his term.
For all his pre-election pledges to scrap the bailout, Tsipras has ended up imposing more belt-tightening.
FILE PHOTO: Greek Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras smiles during a session of the ruling Syriza party parliamentary group at the parliament in Athens, Greece May 5, 2017.
For their part, the lenders worry Greece may backtrack on agreed reforms, which would delay the conclusion of the review.FILE PHOTO: Greek Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras waits to welcome his Maltese counterpart Joseph Muscat at the Maximos Mansion in Athens, Greece March 1, 2017. REUTERS/Alkis Konstantinidis/File Photo

ATHENS (Reuters) - Greek Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras has found a precious commodity he hopes can help him and the nation turn a corner after years of crisis and austerity -- time.

Since taking power in early 2015, he has spent most of his days and nights in firefighting mode, battling Greece’s creditors to renegotiate the harsh terms of a series of bailout deals.

Now, though, Tsipras and his ministers have more time at last to function like the government of a normal country, pinning their hopes for recovery from a long depression on more investment and jobs, after negotiating a ceasefire with the European Union and International Monetary Fund in June.

Despite scepticism among voters, investors and Greece’s lenders, Tsipras is trying hard to position himself as a post-crisis leader who can steer the country out of the bailout program next year in time for elections due in 2019.

The 43-year-old leftist acknowledged this week that the crisis was not over, but expressed optimism about the rest of his term. “In a year from now ... we will have left the bailout behind and we will have one more year, the most creative of our term, to materialize our plan for a ‘new’ Greece,” he said.

Still, two final rounds of negotiations remain before the current bailout deal ends in August 2018. Many Greeks, worn down by austerity policies including pension cuts and tax increases dictated by the creditors, have yet to be convinced. Tsipras’s Syriza party is trailing in the opinion polls.

Nevertheless, Tsipras has been using a calm that Greece has rarely enjoyed since 2015, when he was first elected on promises to end austerity, to push through reforms other than those prescribed by the lenders and to schmooze with investors.

Foreign direct investment hit a seven-year high in 2016, while Greek bonds and stocks have rallied 12 and 18 percent respectively so far this year. The IMF and the EU forecast the economy will grow by more than two percent both this year and next after the depression wiped a quarter off Greek GDP.

For all his pre-election pledges to scrap the bailout, Tsipras has ended up imposing more belt-tightening.

At least Greeks are starting to see improvements in long neglected infrastructure, largely funded by the EU. The government has opened two motorways this year, including a link to Patras, a major ferry port for trade with Italy and the rest of the EU. This completed a project that had been stalled for years and replaced one of Greece’s most dangerous roads.

The jobless rate has also dropped, but is still the euro zone’s highest.

OUT OF THE BASEMENT

Until June, when Athens struck the deal with the lenders on reforms and debt relief, the cabinet met infrequently; debate was dominated by the bailout talks and ministers with portfolios not directly connected to them rarely got a word in edgeways, one government official said. Since then ministers have found time to work on bills including education and health reforms.

“It’s liberating,” one minister said. Many cabinet colleagues and officials had spent much of the past two years holed up in bailout talks at the Athens Hilton hotel. “You need to emerge from the Hilton basement at some point.”

The government has also stepped up private meetings with potential investors, officials said, while Tsipras created a task force this month to free up more projects tangled in red tape.

FILE PHOTO: Greek Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras smiles during a session of the ruling Syriza party parliamentary group at the parliament in Athens, Greece May 5, 2017. REUTERS/Alkis Konstantinidis/File Photo

Some investors nevertheless still doubt Tsipras can pull off an economic turnaround.

“There is an inconsistency in the message the prime minister is delivering and the actions of the ministries,” George Burns, chief executive of Canadian miner Eldorado Gold Corp (ELD.TO), one of Greece’s biggest new foreign investors, told Reuters.

Eldorado threatened to halt further investment unless a permit row over its mines in northern Greece was resolved this week. It postponed this after the government granted some licenses, but scepticism runs deep among other investors.

CLEAN EXIT

Tsipras would like to be remembered as the man who restored Greece’s finances and ended international supervision of the economy. He wants the next creditors’ review completed as early as December and to achieve “a clean bailout exit”, without a standby credit line that would come in return for more reforms.

Slideshow (4 Images)

Athens made its first bond issue in three years in July and plans at least two more in the next seven months, aiming to fund itself by market borrowing in place of bailout money next year.

His conservative predecessor had a similar exit strategy as long ago as 2014 and seemed on course to achieve it. Instead Tsipras beat him and presided over the chaotic summer of 2015, when banks were closed for weeks as the financial system came close to collapse.

Tsipras has much political ground to recover. Support for Syriza has crumbled from around 35 percent in 2015 to 16 percent now, leaving it at least six percentage points behind the conservative New Democracy party, which has promised tax cuts.

A lot can go wrong as Tsipras tries to turn the political and economic tide. Time may be as much his enemy as his friend. The bailout reviews could derail or drag on for months, leading to renewed crisis. The second such review lasted half a year, and the delays hurt economic activity.

For their part, the lenders worry Greece may backtrack on agreed reforms, which would delay the conclusion of the review. Labor reforms that parliament passed during the summer lull were viewed by lenders as backtracking on promises.

“The gap between Tsipras’s actions and his words, the shortcoming in his actions, that’s what may trap him,” a person close to the lenders told Reuters, warning that Greece may not manage to regain full market access and conclude the reviews.

After two years’ experience of power, the government still struggles to deal with some practical problems. It has been trying for 10 days to contain an oil spill from a tanker which polluted popular beaches near Athens, angering residents.

Tsipras has been on a charm offensive, ranging from pep talks at ministries to photo opportunities with investors and young entrepreneurs and trips across the country.

Still, the lenders remain cautious. “We fully understand the government’s desire for a clean exit,” the European Central Bank’s mission chief in Greece, Francesco Drudi, said.

But he told Proto Thema newspaper: “This will require a lot of effort to convince markets, investors and depositors that the momentum for reform will not abate and that no reversal of actions taken during the program will occur.”

Greece: an economic hotspot - tmsnrt.rs/2hlsKlx--------------------------------------------------------------http://www.reuters.com/article/uk-ryanair-agm/ryanair-ceo-says-may-force-pilots-to-change-holiday-plans-idUKKCN1BW167Ryanair CEO Michael O'Leary arrives at the Ryanair AGM in Dublin, Ireland September 21, 2017.
REUTERS/Clodagh KilcoyneDUBLIN (Reuters) - Ryanair (RYA.I) is considering forcing 500 pilots to change their holiday plans to avoid risking additional flight delays, Chief Executive Michael O‘Leary said on Thursday.
Ryanair this week offered pilots a bonus to work 10 additional days to alleviate a pilot shortage that has caused the cancellation of over 2,000 flights in September and October, hitting the airline’s share price and reputation.
O‘Leary told Ryanair’s annual general meeting that it did not have sufficient spare pilots for September, October and November to ensure smooth operations and was considering forcing some pilots to change their annual leave plans.
Related Coverage Ryanair offers pay rise to some pilots on top of bonusRyanair CEO Michael O'Leary arrives at the Ryanair AGM in Dublin, Ireland September 21, 2017. REUTERS/Clodagh Kilcoyne

DUBLIN (Reuters) - Ryanair (RYA.I) is considering forcing 500 pilots to change their holiday plans to avoid risking additional flight delays, Chief Executive Michael O‘Leary said on Thursday.

Ryanair this week offered pilots a bonus to work 10 additional days to alleviate a pilot shortage that has caused the cancellation of over 2,000 flights in September and October, hitting the airline’s share price and reputation.

O‘Leary told Ryanair’s annual general meeting that it did not have sufficient spare pilots for September, October and November to ensure smooth operations and was considering forcing some pilots to change their annual leave plans.

Related Coverage Ryanair offers pay rise to some pilots on top of bonus--------------------------------------------------------------http://www.reuters.com/video/2017/09/21/more-chaos-within-frances-top-far-right?videoId=372582084&videoChannel=101The second-in-command of France's far-right National Front resigns as debate rages within the controversial political party over whether to relax its platform, following a major election defeat.The second-in-command of France's far-right National Front resigns as debate rages within the controversial political party over whether to relax its platform, following a major election defeat.--------------------------------------------------------------http://www.reuters.com/article/sp-press-china-aaa-rating-idCNKCS1BW1AL?il=0--------------------------------------------------------------http://www.reuters.com/article/instant-view-sp-aaa-china-rating-0921-idCNKCS1BW1FN--------------------------------------------------------------http://www.reuters.com/article/us-autos-capacity/daimler-joins-rush-to-add-more-north-american-auto-plants-report-idUSKCN1BW1SVDaimler AG sign is pictured at the IAA truck show in Hanover, Germany, September 22, 2016.
REUTERS/Fabian Bimmer/File PhotoDETROIT (Reuters) - U.S. automakers are facing mounting pressure amid slowing demand in the country, as Asian and European automakers aggressively ramp up vehicle production in North America, including a new investment by Daimler AG(DAIGn.DE).
A Daimler spokeswoman said on Thursday the company planned a formal announcement about its plans later in the day.
The burst of investments to expand U.S. vehicle production capacity also reflects intensified competition for market share in the world’s most profitable vehicle market.
Honda Motor Co earlier this week said it would expand production of Accord models at a factory in Ohio.Daimler AG sign is pictured at the IAA truck show in Hanover, Germany, September 22, 2016. REUTERS/Fabian Bimmer/File Photo

DETROIT (Reuters) - U.S. automakers are facing mounting pressure amid slowing demand in the country, as Asian and European automakers aggressively ramp up vehicle production in North America, including a new investment by Daimler AG(DAIGn.DE).

In the latest move, German automaker Daimler plans to spend $1 billion to expand its Mercedes Benz assembly plant near Tuscaloosa, Alabama, to produce batteries and electric sport utility vehicles that would compete with Silicon Valley electric car maker Tesla Inc’s (TSLA.O) models, according to a person briefed on the matter. The Wall Street Journal reported the investment earlier on Thursday.

Daimler’s move to produce electric Mercedes Benz vehicles in the United States comes as the automaker has halted U.S. sales of Mercedes Benz diesels under scrutiny by U.S. environmental regulators.

A Daimler spokeswoman said on Thursday the company planned a formal announcement about its plans later in the day.

Daimler is joining a rush to add vehicle-making capacity in a market that most analysts and industry executives expect to contract moderately over the next several years, following record sales of 17.55 million vehicles in 2016.

Indeed, Detroit’s automakers are already temporarily idling factories and laying off thousands of workers as demand slows for their sedans and luxury cars.

Global automakers have come under pressure from U.S. President Donald Trump’s bid to curb imports and hire more workers to build cars and trucks in the country.

The burst of investments to expand U.S. vehicle production capacity also reflects intensified competition for market share in the world’s most profitable vehicle market.

Rival German luxury automaker BMW AG (BMWG.DE) said in June it would expand its U.S. factory in South Carolina, adding 1,000 jobs.

Japan’s Toyota Motor Corp(7203.T) and Mazda Motor Corp(7261.T) said in August they would join forces to build a new U.S. factory capable of producing up to 300,000 vehicles a year, with 4,000 new jobs.

Honda Motor Co earlier this week said it would expand production of Accord models at a factory in Ohio.

Volvo Cars, the Swedish brand owned by China’s Zhejiang Geely Holding Group[GEELY.UL], is planning a second production line at a factory in South Carolina that is still under construction, according to people familiar with the plans.

Silicon Valley automaker Tesla Inc (TSLA.O), meanwhile, is gearing up to produce as many as 500,000 Model 3 electric cars a year at its factory in Fremont, Calif., in an effort to increase its annual sales more than fivefold.

Tesla, like its German rivals, will export some of the new vehicles it plans. But if the company sold 500,000 Model 3’s in the United States, it would become the largest luxury vehicle brand in the market, based on 2016 sales.

(This version of the story was refiled to correct day references in paragraphs 2 and 4 to Thursday from Wednesday)--------------------------------------------------------------http://www.reuters.com/article/myanmar-rohingya/myanmar-protesters-try-to-block-aid-shipment-to-muslim-rohingya-idINKCN1BW0CXSITTWE, Myanmar (Reuters) - Buddhist protesters in Myanmar threw petrol bombs to try to block a shipment of aid to Muslims in Rakhine state, where the United Nations has accused the military of ethnic cleansing, before police fired in the air to disperse them.
No aid workers were hurt, a spokeswoman for the International Committee of the Red Cross (ICRC) said.
Myanmar rejects the charge, saying its forces are tackling insurgents of the Arakan Rohingya Salvation Army who it has accused of setting the fires and attacking civilians.
Pence repeated a U.S. call for the military to end the violence and support efforts for a long-term solution for the Rohingya.
An aid truck skidded off a hilly in a Bangladeshi district near the border road on Thursday, killing nine workers.SITTWE, Myanmar (Reuters) - Buddhist protesters in Myanmar threw petrol bombs to try to block a shipment of aid to Muslims in Rakhine state, where the United Nations has accused the military of ethnic cleansing, before police fired in the air to disperse them.

The incident late on Wednesday reflected rising communal animosity, and came as U.S. President Donald Trump called for a quick end to the violence that has raised concern about Myanmar’s transition from military rule.

Myanmar’s army chief, in his major speech on his plans for Rakhine State while on his first visit there since the strife erupted, called for internally displaced non-Muslims to go home.

But he made no made no mention of the 422,000 Muslims who fled to Bangladesh to escape his army’s sweeping counter-insurgency operation.

Hundreds of protesters were involved in the attempt to stop Red Cross workers loading a boat with relief supplies bound for the north of the Rakhine State where insurgent attacks on Aug. 25 sparked a sweeping military backlash.

The boat being was loaded with about 50 tonnes of aid at a dock in the state capital of Sittwe, a government information office said.

“People thought the aid was only for the Bengalis,” the secretary of the state government, Tin Maung Swe, told Reuters, using a term that Rohingya find offensive.

Protesters, some carrying sticks and metal bars, threw petrol bombs and about 200 police eventually dispersed them by shooting into the air, a witness and the government information office said.

The witness said he saw some injured people. Eight people were detained, the office said. No aid workers were hurt, a spokeswoman for the International Committee of the Red Cross (ICRC) said.

“All emergency support done by the organization and in the movement is done in a neutral and impartial manner,” the spokeswoman, Maria Cecilia Goin, citing what the workers had told the crowd before authorities intervened.

TRUMP CALLS FOR SWIFT ACTION

Tension between majority Buddhists and Rohingya, most of whom are denied citizenship, has simmered for decades in Rakhine, but it has exploded in violence several times over the past few years, as old enmities surfaced with the end of decades of harsh military rule.

The latest bout of bloodshed began with the August attacks by Rohingya insurgents on about 30 police posts and an army camp, in which about 12 people were killed.

Myanmar’s government says more than 400 people, most of them insurgents have been killed since then.

Rights monitors and fleeing Rohingya say the army and Buddhist vigilantes have mounted a campaign aimed at driving out the Muslim population and torching their villages.

Myanmar rejects the charge, saying its forces are tackling insurgents of the Arakan Rohingya Salvation Army who it has accused of setting the fires and attacking civilians.

The crisis has drawn international condemnation and raised questions about the commitment of government leader Aung San Suu Kyi to human rights, and about prospects for Myanmar’s political and economic development.

Suu Kyi addressed the nation on Tuesday and condemned abuses and said all violators would be punished, adding that she was committed to peace and the rule of law.

However, she did not address the U.N. accusations of ethnic cleansing by the military, which is in charge of security.

Trump wants the U.N. Security Council to take “strong and swift action” to end the violence, U.S. Vice President Mike Pence said on Wednesday, declaring the conflict a threat to the region and world.

Pence repeated a U.S. call for the military to end the violence and support efforts for a long-term solution for the Rohingya.

U.S. Deputy Assistant Secretary of State Patrick Murphy is in Myanmar and met government officials and representatives of different communities in Sittwe on Thursday.

‘GO BACK’

Military chief Senior General Min Aung Hlaing said the military had handled the situation as best as it could and he urged the internally displaced, most of who are Buddhist, to go home.

“For the national races who fled their homes, first of all they must go back ... that is their rightful place,” he said in a speech in the Sittwe.

“National races” refers to officially recognized indigenous ethnic groups who make up the diverse nation. The Rohingya are not recognized as a “national race” and Min Aung Hlaing did not refer to their return.

On Wednesday, he visited an army camp that was attacked on Aug. 25 and said Myanmar was still suffering the consequences of “reckless” British colonialism.

Britain has suspended a training program for Myanmar officers because of the violence. Myanmar said five officers were being brought home and none would be sent to Britain again.

The Bangladesh government and aid groups are struggling with shortages of food, water, shelter and medical supplies for the refugees, who keep coming, though at a slower pace than over the past couple of weeks, officials say.

An aid truck skidded off a hilly in a Bangladeshi district near the border road on Thursday, killing nine workers.--------------------------------------------------------------https://www.reuters.tv/v/V72/2017/09/21/hurricane-maria-wreaks-havoc-on-puerto-ricoTranscript>>rricane Maria thrashing parts of the Dominican Republic Thursday with heavy rain and high winds, killing ten people so far in the Caribbean.
One of the worst hit regions, Puerto Rico, where Maria made landfall as a Category 4 storm, causing severe flooding, flattening homes and leaving the entire island without power.
Reuters spoke to residents, like Ida Petrie, who returned to her fifth story apartment in the capital San Juan once the storm was over, only to see this.
Among the most dramatically damaged areas in the capital was La Perla, a small barrio near the sea in San Juan.
The entire island of 3.4 million people was under a flash flood warning as the storm is forecast to dump 20 to 30 inches of rain on much of Puerto Rico through Friday, according to the National Hurricane Center.Transcript

>>

rricane Maria thrashing parts of the Dominican Republic Thursday with heavy rain and high winds, killing ten people so far in the Caribbean. One of the worst hit regions, Puerto Rico, where Maria made landfall as a Category 4 storm, causing severe flooding, flattening homes and leaving the entire island without power.

Reuters spoke to residents, like Ida Petrie, who returned to her fifth story apartment in the capital San Juan once the storm was over, only to see this. She held on to a box of her daughter's ashes, thankful that the rains didn't sweep it away. Among the most dramatically damaged areas in the capital was La Perla, a small barrio near the sea in San Juan.

Many homes there were reduced to a roofless jumble with broken balconies and cars crashed under fallen trees. In an interview with CNN, the island's Governor calling fhis quote, nothing short of a major disaster and it's not over. The entire island of 3.4 million people was under a flash flood warning as the storm is forecast to dump 20 to 30 inches of rain on much of Puerto Rico through Friday, according to the National Hurricane Center.--------------------------------------------------------------http://www.reuters.com/article/us-eu-tax-digital/eu-eyes-solo-move-to-increase-tax-on-online-giants-risking-u-s-anger-idUSKCN1BW1P7The EU is frustrated at how long it is taking the world’s rich nations to reach a deal on how to tax online firms like Google (GOOGL.O) fairly.
Usually the EU decides on tax issues only with the unanimous support of its 28 members.
One was for a tax on the turnover rather than the profits of digital firms, another would put a levy on online ads, and a third would impose a withholding tax on payments to internet firms.
Such a move is likely to upset Washington and other rich nations that are home to many global tech giants.
Some states have already voiced their opposition to new taxes on digital firms, especially if decided on without a global deal in place.The Google logo is shown reflected on an adjacent office building in Irvine, California, U.S. August 7, 2017. REUTERS/Mike Blake

BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The European Commission said on Thursday it may seek to implement tax reform to raise more revenue from online giants without the backing of the United States and other rich nations, in a move that could spark a new transatlantic dispute.

The EU is frustrated at how long it is taking the world’s rich nations to reach a deal on how to tax online firms like Google (GOOGL.O) fairly. These companies on average pay bills in Europe that are less than half of those of other firms.

To prevent some smaller EU economies such as Ireland or Luxembourg, which host many foreign online businesses, from blocking the move, the commission is also raising the prospect of using little-known EU rules that would prevent states from vetoing decisions on tax matters. Usually the EU decides on tax issues only with the unanimous support of its 28 members.

The commission on Thursday outlined three options for taxes aimed at internet companies that could be agreed upon relatively quickly at the EU level or by a smaller group of EU nations.

One was for a tax on the turnover rather than the profits of digital firms, another would put a levy on online ads, and a third would impose a withholding tax on payments to internet firms.

In the longer term the EU wants to change existing taxation rights to make sure digital firms with large operations but no physical presence in a given country pay taxes there instead of being allowed to reroute their profits to low-tax jurisdictions.

The EU’s preferred option would be for an agreement on this at the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD), which includes the United States and Japan.

But “the EU must prepare to act in the absence of adequate global progress,” Commission Vice President Valdis Dombrovskis told a news conference in Brussels, saying that a legislative proposal may come next spring.

Such a move is likely to upset Washington and other rich nations that are home to many global tech giants.

The Facebook application is seen on a phone screen August 3, 2017. REUTERS/Thomas White

In a document setting out the distortions created by the low taxes paid by digital businesses, the commission cited several U.S. firms such as internet retailer Amazon (AMZN.O), social media host Facebook (FB.O), online entertainment firm Netflix (NFLX.O) and short-term rental website Airbnb.

In the report, the commission emphasized that unilateral initiatives taken in the EU would need to be carefully assessed to ensure they are compatible with World Trade Organization (WTO) rules.

“We would urge caution against EU-only measures that could run the risk of creating double taxation,” Chas Roy-Chowdhury, head of taxation at the Association of Chartered Certified Accountants (ACCA), a group representing accountants worldwide, said.

The logo of the web service Amazon is pictured in this June 8, 2017 illustration photo. REUTERS/Carlos Jasso/Illustration

REMOVING VETOES

The EU will first have to reach a compromise agreement among its 28 members by December. Some states have already voiced their opposition to new taxes on digital firms, especially if decided on without a global deal in place.

To overcome this, the commission said there was a debate on whether to strip EU countries of their veto rights on tax issues, based on an article in the EU treaties that allows such exceptional action in the event of market distortions.

“There is a broader discussion whether we should move to decision-making based on majority also in the area of taxation,” Dombrovskis told reporters.

But he added: “Currently we are basing our proposal on current rules which foresee unanimity.”

Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker last week evoked another special procedure to move to majority-based rather than unanimous decisions in matters of taxation.--------------------------------------------------------------http://www.reuters.com/news/picture/editors-choice-pictures-idJPRTX3H48DDemonstrators hold up their mobile phones as they continue to protest for a fourth day after the not guilty verdict in the murder trial of Jason Stockley, a former St. Louis police officer, charged with the 2011 shooting of Anthony Lamar Smith, who...moreDemonstrators hold up their mobile phones as they continue to protest for a fourth day after the not guilty verdict in the murder trial of Jason Stockley, a former St. Louis police officer, charged with the 2011 shooting of Anthony Lamar Smith, who was black, in St. Louis, Missouri.
REUTERS/Joshua LottCloseDemonstrators hold up their mobile phones as they continue to protest for a fourth day after the not guilty verdict in the murder trial of Jason Stockley, a former St. Louis police officer, charged with the 2011 shooting of Anthony Lamar Smith, who...more

Demonstrators hold up their mobile phones as they continue to protest for a fourth day after the not guilty verdict in the murder trial of Jason Stockley, a former St. Louis police officer, charged with the 2011 shooting of Anthony Lamar Smith, who was black, in St. Louis, Missouri. REUTERS/Joshua Lott

Close--------------------------------------------------------------http://www.reuters.com/article/us-toysrus-hires-holiday/toys-r-us-plans-holiday-hires-including-toy-demonstrators-idUSKCN1BW1A6FILE PHOTO: Consumers leave a Toys R Us store with full shopping carts after shopping on the day dubbed "Black Friday" in Framingham, Massachusetts, U.S., November 25, 2011.
REUTERS/Adam Hunger/File Photo(Reuters) - Toys “R” Us Inc, the U.S. toy retailer that filed for bankruptcy protection this week, said on Thursday it is hiring part-time seasonal workers to staff its stores for the holidays, including for a new position of toy demonstrator.
The move is the clearest sign yet that Toys “R” Us is aiming to capitalize on the key holiday shopping season to emerge from bankruptcy and escape liquidation.
Toys “R” Us said in a statement it would hire additional cashiers, sales associates, stock associates and staff for its warehouses.
The holidays are the most important selling season for Toys “R” Us, as well as many major retailers, leading to hundreds of thousands of people finding seasonal jobs.FILE PHOTO: Consumers leave a Toys R Us store with full shopping carts after shopping on the day dubbed "Black Friday" in Framingham, Massachusetts, U.S., November 25, 2011. REUTERS/Adam Hunger/File Photo

(Reuters) - Toys “R” Us Inc, the U.S. toy retailer that filed for bankruptcy protection this week, said on Thursday it is hiring part-time seasonal workers to staff its stores for the holidays, including for a new position of toy demonstrator.

The move is the clearest sign yet that Toys “R” Us is aiming to capitalize on the key holiday shopping season to emerge from bankruptcy and escape liquidation.

The largest U.S. toy chain did not disclose the number of people it planned to hire nationwide, though its announced openings for seasonal jobs in some of the biggest U.S. states exceed 12,000 part-time jobs. The company currently employs approximately 64,000 people.

Toys “R” Us said in a statement it would hire additional cashiers, sales associates, stock associates and staff for its warehouses. The toy demonstrator position involves unboxing and playing with toys, allowing kids to try them out.

Toys “R” Us has the largest need to hire in the New York City area, followed by Los Angeles and then Groveport, Ohio, at a DHL warehouse it uses to fulfill online orders, the company said.

The holidays are the most important selling season for Toys “R” Us, as well as many major retailers, leading to hundreds of thousands of people finding seasonal jobs.

Toys “R” Us does not plan to close a “disproportionate” number of its more than 1,600 stores across the United States, and aims to add smaller shops in urban areas including Washington, D.C., Boston and Detroit, the company’s CEO David Brandon said on Wednesday.--------------------------------------------------------------http://www.reuters.com/article/us-eurozone-greece-tsipras/as-crisis-ebbs-tsipras-promises-doubters-a-new-greece-idUSKCN1BW1XC?il=0FILE PHOTO: Greek Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras waits to welcome his Maltese counterpart Joseph Muscat at the Maximos Mansion in Athens, Greece March 1, 2017.
The 43-year-old leftist acknowledged this week that the crisis was not over, but expressed optimism about the rest of his term.
For all his pre-election pledges to scrap the bailout, Tsipras has ended up imposing more belt-tightening.
FILE PHOTO: Greek Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras smiles during a session of the ruling Syriza party parliamentary group at the parliament in Athens, Greece May 5, 2017.
For their part, the lenders worry Greece may backtrack on agreed reforms, which would delay the conclusion of the review.FILE PHOTO: Greek Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras waits to welcome his Maltese counterpart Joseph Muscat at the Maximos Mansion in Athens, Greece March 1, 2017. REUTERS/Alkis Konstantinidis/File Photo

ATHENS (Reuters) - Greek Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras has found a precious commodity he hopes can help him and the nation turn a corner after years of crisis and austerity -- time.

Since taking power in early 2015, he has spent most of his days and nights in firefighting mode, battling Greece’s creditors to renegotiate the harsh terms of a series of bailout deals.

Now, though, Tsipras and his ministers have more time at last to function like the government of a normal country, pinning their hopes for recovery from a long depression on more investment and jobs, after negotiating a ceasefire with the European Union and International Monetary Fund in June.

Despite scepticism among voters, investors and Greece’s lenders, Tsipras is trying hard to position himself as a post-crisis leader who can steer the country out of the bailout program next year in time for elections due in 2019.

The 43-year-old leftist acknowledged this week that the crisis was not over, but expressed optimism about the rest of his term. “In a year from now ... we will have left the bailout behind and we will have one more year, the most creative of our term, to materialize our plan for a ‘new’ Greece,” he said.

Still, two final rounds of negotiations remain before the current bailout deal ends in August 2018. Many Greeks, worn down by austerity policies including pension cuts and tax increases dictated by the creditors, have yet to be convinced. Tsipras’s Syriza party is trailing in the opinion polls.

Nevertheless, Tsipras has been using a calm that Greece has rarely enjoyed since 2015, when he was first elected on promises to end austerity, to push through reforms other than those prescribed by the lenders and to schmooze with investors.

Foreign direct investment hit a seven-year high in 2016, while Greek bonds and stocks have rallied 12 and 18 percent respectively so far this year. The IMF and the EU forecast the economy will grow by more than two percent both this year and next after the depression wiped a quarter off Greek GDP.

For all his pre-election pledges to scrap the bailout, Tsipras has ended up imposing more belt-tightening.

At least Greeks are starting to see improvements in long neglected infrastructure, largely funded by the EU. The government has opened two motorways this year, including a link to Patras, a major ferry port for trade with Italy and the rest of the EU. This completed a project that had been stalled for years and replaced one of Greece’s most dangerous roads.

The jobless rate has also dropped, but is still the euro zone’s highest.

OUT OF THE BASEMENT

Until June, when Athens struck the deal with the lenders on reforms and debt relief, the cabinet met infrequently; debate was dominated by the bailout talks and ministers with portfolios not directly connected to them rarely got a word in edgeways, one government official said. Since then ministers have found time to work on bills including education and health reforms.

“It’s liberating,” one minister said. Many cabinet colleagues and officials had spent much of the past two years holed up in bailout talks at the Athens Hilton hotel. “You need to emerge from the Hilton basement at some point.”

The government has also stepped up private meetings with potential investors, officials said, while Tsipras created a task force this month to free up more projects tangled in red tape.

FILE PHOTO: Greek Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras smiles during a session of the ruling Syriza party parliamentary group at the parliament in Athens, Greece May 5, 2017. REUTERS/Alkis Konstantinidis/File Photo

Some investors nevertheless still doubt Tsipras can pull off an economic turnaround.

“There is an inconsistency in the message the prime minister is delivering and the actions of the ministries,” George Burns, chief executive of Canadian miner Eldorado Gold Corp (ELD.TO), one of Greece’s biggest new foreign investors, told Reuters.

Eldorado threatened to halt further investment unless a permit row over its mines in northern Greece was resolved this week. It postponed this after the government granted some licenses, but scepticism runs deep among other investors.

CLEAN EXIT

Tsipras would like to be remembered as the man who restored Greece’s finances and ended international supervision of the economy. He wants the next creditors’ review completed as early as December and to achieve “a clean bailout exit”, without a standby credit line that would come in return for more reforms.

Slideshow (4 Images)

Athens made its first bond issue in three years in July and plans at least two more in the next seven months, aiming to fund itself by market borrowing in place of bailout money next year.

His conservative predecessor had a similar exit strategy as long ago as 2014 and seemed on course to achieve it. Instead Tsipras beat him and presided over the chaotic summer of 2015, when banks were closed for weeks as the financial system came close to collapse.

Tsipras has much political ground to recover. Support for Syriza has crumbled from around 35 percent in 2015 to 16 percent now, leaving it at least six percentage points behind the conservative New Democracy party, which has promised tax cuts.

A lot can go wrong as Tsipras tries to turn the political and economic tide. Time may be as much his enemy as his friend. The bailout reviews could derail or drag on for months, leading to renewed crisis. The second such review lasted half a year, and the delays hurt economic activity.

For their part, the lenders worry Greece may backtrack on agreed reforms, which would delay the conclusion of the review. Labor reforms that parliament passed during the summer lull were viewed by lenders as backtracking on promises.

“The gap between Tsipras’s actions and his words, the shortcoming in his actions, that’s what may trap him,” a person close to the lenders told Reuters, warning that Greece may not manage to regain full market access and conclude the reviews.

After two years’ experience of power, the government still struggles to deal with some practical problems. It has been trying for 10 days to contain an oil spill from a tanker which polluted popular beaches near Athens, angering residents.

Tsipras has been on a charm offensive, ranging from pep talks at ministries to photo opportunities with investors and young entrepreneurs and trips across the country.

Still, the lenders remain cautious. “We fully understand the government’s desire for a clean exit,” the European Central Bank’s mission chief in Greece, Francesco Drudi, said.

But he told Proto Thema newspaper: “This will require a lot of effort to convince markets, investors and depositors that the momentum for reform will not abate and that no reversal of actions taken during the program will occur.”

Greece: an economic hotspot - tmsnrt.rs/2hlsKlx--------------------------------------------------------------http://www.reuters.com/article/china-economy-idJPKCN1BW0ZI--------------------------------------------------------------http://www.reuters.com/article/china-stock-0921-thursday-idCNKCS1BW0UU?il=0--------------------------------------------------------------http://www.reuters.com/article/eu-tax-internet-multinational-0920-wedne-idCNKCS1BW0UL?il=0--------------------------------------------------------------http://www.reuters.com/article/idJP2017092101001934--------------------------------------------------------------http://www.reuters.com/article/topNews/idESKCN1BW18V-OESTP--------------------------------------------------------------http://www.reuters.com/article/uk-mideast-crisis-syria-russia/russia-says-will-target-u-s-backed-fighters-in-syria-if-provoked-idUKKCN1BW158?il=0MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russia warned the United States it would target areas in Syria where U.S. special forces and U.S.-backed militia were operating if its own forces came under fire from them, which it said on Thursday had already happened twice.
In eastern Syria’s Deir al-Zor province, IS is battling two separate offensives with the SDF on one side and the Syrian army and its allies on the other.
TENSIONSFighters from Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF) stand near destroyed Uwais al-Qarni shrine in Raqqa, Syria September 16, 2017.
Syrian troops also crossed to the eastern side of the river on Monday where the SDF has been advancing.
The U.S.-backed militia said on Saturday they had come under attack from Russian jets and Syrian government forces, something Moscow denied.MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russia warned the United States it would target areas in Syria where U.S. special forces and U.S.-backed militia were operating if its own forces came under fire from them, which it said on Thursday had already happened twice.

Russia was referring to the Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF), an alliance of Kurdish and Arab militias fighting with the U.S.-led coalition, which Moscow said had diverted from the battle for control of Raqqa to Deir al-Zor, where Russian special forces are helping the Syrian army push out Islamic State militants.

The Russian Defense Ministry said the SDF had taken up positions on the eastern banks of the Euphrates with U.S. special forces, and had twice opened fire with mortars and artillery on Syrian troops who were working alongside Russian special forces.

“A representative of the U.S. military command in Al Udeid (the U.S. operations center in Qatar) was told in no uncertain terms that any attempts to open fire from areas where SDF fighters are located would be quickly shut down,” Major-General Igor Konashenkov said in a statement.

“Fire points in those areas will be immediately suppressed with all military means.”

Related Coverage Turkish return fire in Syria after shell hits Hatay province: CNN Turk

The Russian warning underscores growing tensions over Syria between Moscow and Washington. While both oppose Islamic State (IS), they are engaged, via proxies, in a race for strategic influence and potential resources in the form of oilfields.

In eastern Syria’s Deir al-Zor province, IS is battling two separate offensives with the SDF on one side and the Syrian army and its allies on the other.

TENSIONS

Fighters from Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF) stand near destroyed Uwais al-Qarni shrine in Raqqa, Syria September 16, 2017. REUTERS/Rodi Said

In a sign of escalating tensions, the Russian Defense Ministry this week accused U.S. spies of initiating a jihadi offensive against government-held parts of north-west Syria on Tuesday.

The ministry, in a Wednesday evening statement, said 29 Russian military policemen had been surrounded by jihadis as a result and that Russia had been forced to break them out in a special operation backed with air power.

“According to our information, U.S. intelligence services initiated the offensive to halt the successful advance of government troops to the east of Deir al-Zor,” said Colonel-General Sergei Rudskoi.

The Syrian army, backed by Russian war planes, has captured about 100 km (160 miles) of the west bank of the Euphrates this month, reaching the Raqqa provincial border on Wednesday, the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reported.

Syrian troops also crossed to the eastern side of the river on Monday where the SDF has been advancing.

The convergence of the rival offensives has increased tensions in Deir al-Zor.

The U.S.-backed militia said on Saturday they had come under attack from Russian jets and Syrian government forces, something Moscow denied.

On Monday, the SDF warned against any further Syrian army advances on the eastern riverbank, and Russia’s Defense Ministry said on Tuesday that the waters of the Euphrates had risen as soon as the Syrian army began crossing it, suggesting this could only have happened if upstream dams held by the U.S.-backed opposition had been opened.--------------------------------------------------------------http://www.reuters.com/article/us-htc-m-a-google/google-bets-anew-on-smartphones-pays-1-1-billion-for-htcs-pixel-division-idUSKCN1BW06LThe all-cash deal will see Google gain 2,000 HTC employees, roughly equivalent to one fifth of the Taiwanese firm’s total workforce.
While Google is not acquiring any manufacturing assets, the transaction underscores a ramping up of its ambitions for Android smartphones at a time when consumer and media attention is largely focused on rival Apple Inc (AAPL.O).
Google will be aiming not to repeat mistakes made when it purchased Motorola Mobility for $12.5 billion in 2012.
Google hardware executive Rick Osterloh (L) shakes hand with HTC CEO Cher Wang during a news conference to announce Google to acquire HTC's Pixel smartphone division, in Taipei, Taiwan September 21, 2017.
The Taiwanese firm will continue to run its remaining smartphone business but the sharp downsizing of its mainstay operations has cast some doubt over its longer term future.TAIPEI/SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Alphabet Inc’s (GOOGL.O) Google said it would pay $1.1 billion for the division at Taiwan’s HTC Corp (2498.TW) that develops the U.S. firm’s Pixel smartphones - its second major foray into phone hardware after an earlier costly failure.

The all-cash deal will see Google gain 2,000 HTC employees, roughly equivalent to one fifth of the Taiwanese firm’s total workforce. It will also acquire a non-exclusive license for HTC’s intellectual property and the two firms agreed to look at other areas of collaboration in the future.

While Google is not acquiring any manufacturing assets, the transaction underscores a ramping up of its ambitions for Android smartphones at a time when consumer and media attention is largely focused on rival Apple Inc (AAPL.O).

“Google has found it necessary to have its own hardware team to help bring innovations to Android devices, making them competitive versus the iPhone series,” said Mia Huang, analyst at research firm TrendForce.

The move is part of a broader and still nascent push into hardware that saw Google hire Rick Osterloh, a former Motorola executive, to run its hardware division last year. It also comes ahead of new product launches on Oct. 4 that are expected to include two Pixel phones and a Chromebook.

Pixel smartphones, only launched a year ago, have less than 1 percent market share globally with an estimated 2.8 million shipments, according to research firm IDC.

Google will be aiming not to repeat mistakes made when it purchased Motorola Mobility for $12.5 billion in 2012. It sold it off to China’s Lenovo Group Ltd (0992.HK) for less than $3 billion two years later after Motorola failed to produce appealing products that could compete with iPhones.

This time around, however, the deal price tag is much smaller and the lack of manufacturing facilities also minimizes risk.

HTC‘S DECLINE

Google’s strategy of licensing Android for free and profiting from embedded services such as search and maps has made Android the dominant mobile operating system with some 89 percent of the global market, according to IDC.

But it has long been frustrated by the emergence of many variations of Android and the inconsistent experience that has produced. Pushing its own hardware will likely complicate its relationship with Android licensees, analysts said.

Google hardware executive Rick Osterloh (L) shakes hand with HTC CEO Cher Wang during a news conference to announce Google to acquire HTC's Pixel smartphone division, in Taipei, Taiwan September 21, 2017. REUTERS/Tyrone Siu

Some analysts also questioned the wisdom of the deal given HTC’s long decline. The Taiwanese firm once sold one in 10 smartphones globally but has seen market share dwindle sharply in the face of competition from Apple, Samsung Electronics Co (005930.KS) and Chinese rivals.

“HTC is past its prime in terms of being a leading hardware design house, mainly because of how much it has had to scale back over the years because of declining revenues,” said Ryan Reith, an analyst at IDC.

“Unless Google really wants to control hardware for its other businesses like Home and Chromebooks in addition to smartphones, then I don’t see this as being a bet that pays off.”

Slideshow (8 Images)

For HTC, the deal will allow it to concentrate more on its virtual reality headsets while also reducing development costs.

“This will be a sizeable reduction in our R&D expenses. Overall it should be in the ballpark of a 30-40 percent reduction in operating expenses,” HTC Chief Financial Officer Peter Shen told a news conference in Taipei.

The Taiwanese firm will continue to run its remaining smartphone business but the sharp downsizing of its mainstay operations has cast some doubt over its longer term future.

“HTC can design and produce innovative products but it lacks the deep pockets of the likes of Samsung for marketing promotions and saturation advertising,” said Jake Saunders, an analyst at ABI Research in Singapore.

“Competitors in the form of Huawei, Oppo, Xiaomi and ZTE are snapping at HTC’s heels.”

HTC’s worldwide smartphone market share declined to 0.9 percent last year from a peak of 8.8 percent in 2011, according to IDC.

HTC shares were on a trading halt on Thursday. The stock has fallen around 94 percent from a peak in 2011, giving the company a market value of around $1.9 billion.

Evercore served as financial advisor to HTC while Lazard was Google’s financial advisor.--------------------------------------------------------------http://www.reuters.com/article/sportsNews/idFRMT1IDAT0000ATY-OFRSP--------------------------------------------------------------http://www.reuters.com/article/sportsNews/idBRKCN1BV314-OBRSPCyber RiskDistrustful U.S. allies force NSA to back down in encryption fightCyber Risk

Distrustful U.S. allies force NSA to back down in encryption fight--------------------------------------------------------------http://www.reuters.com/article/sportsNews/idESKCN1BV2MX-OESSPCyber RiskDistrustful U.S. allies force NSA to back down in encryption fightCyber Risk

Distrustful U.S. allies force NSA to back down in encryption fight--------------------------------------------------------------http://www.reuters.com/article/us-usa-economy-unemployment/u-s-jobless-claims-fall-hurricanes-still-affecting-data-idUKKCN1BW1Q8Claims in Texas surged in the wake of Harvey, which disrupted oil, natural gas and petrochemicals production, leaving some workers temporarily unemployed.
It was the 133rd straight week that claims remained below the 300,000 threshold, which is associated with a robust labor market.
That is the longest such stretch since 1970, when the labor market was smaller.
The four-week moving average of claims rose 28,250 between the August and September survey periods, suggesting a further slowdown in job growth.
The survey’s employment index fell to a reading of 6.6, but has remained positive for 10 consecutive months.FILE PHOTO: A man looks over employment opportunities at a jobs center in San Francisco, California, U.S, February 4, 2010. REUTERS/Robert Galbraith/File Photo

WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The number of Americans filing for unemployment benefits unexpectedly fell last week, but the near-term outlook for the labor market was muddied by the continuing impact of Hurricanes Harvey and Irma.

Other data on Thursday showed manufacturing activity in the mid-Atlantic region accelerated in September amid a surge in new orders. But hiring by factories slowed and employees worked fewer hours this month compared to August.

Initial claims for state unemployment benefits declined 23,000 to a seasonally adjusted 259,000 for the week ended Sept. 16, the Labor Department said. A Labor Department official said Harvey and Irma affected claims for Texas and Florida.

Unadjusted claims for Texas fell 23,549 last week, the second straight weekly drop. Claims in Texas surged in the wake of Harvey, which disrupted oil, natural gas and petrochemicals production, leaving some workers temporarily unemployed.

Unadjusted claims for Florida rose 5,133 last week. In addition, the Labor Department estimated claims for South Carolina and the Virgin Islands last week.

Economists had forecast claims rising to 300,000 in the latest week. It was the 133rd straight week that claims remained below the 300,000 threshold, which is associated with a robust labor market. That is the longest such stretch since 1970, when the labor market was smaller.

The four-week moving average of claims, considered a better measure of labor market trends as it irons out week-to-week volatility, rose 6,000 to 268,750 last week.

Prices of U.S. Treasuries pared gains after the data and the dollar was .DXY weaker against a basket of currencies. U.S. stock index futures were trading lower.

The claims data covered the survey period for the non-farm payrolls portion of September’s employment report. There are fears the disruption caused by Harvey and Irma could restrain job growth in September. Texas and Florida account for about 14 percent of U.S. employment.

Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen told reporters on Wednesday that “payroll employment may be substantially affected in September” by the storms, but she added that she expected labor market conditions would strengthen somewhat further out.

Yellen made the comments after the U.S. central bank left interest rates unchanged but signaled it still anticipated one more rate increase by the end of the year.

The four-week moving average of claims rose 28,250 between the August and September survey periods, suggesting a further slowdown in job growth. The economy added 156,000 jobs in August, with the private services sector hiring the smallest number of workers in five months.

In a separate report on Thursday, the Philadelphia Fed said its manufacturing activity index for the mid-Atlantic region increased about 5 points to a reading of 23.8 in September. It said almost 39 percent of the firms indicated increases in activity this month while 15 percent reported a decrease.

Firms reported a jump in new orders. The survey’s employment index fell to a reading of 6.6, but has remained positive for 10 consecutive months. A measure of the average workweek dropped to a reading of 11.9 from 18.8 in August.--------------------------------------------------------------http://www.reuters.com/article/northkorea-missiles-trump-idJPL4N1M24TY?il=0--------------------------------------------------------------http://www.reuters.com/article/topNews/idESKCN1BW1XZ-OESTP--------------------------------------------------------------http://www.reuters.com/article/BRIEF-7%E6%9C%88%E3%81%AE%E7%B1%B3%E4%BD%8F%E5%AE%85%E4%BE%A1%E6%A0%BC%E6%8C%87%E6%95%B0-%E5%89%8D%E6%9C%88%E6%AF%940.2%EF%BC%85%E4%B8%8A%E6%98%87%EF%BC%9D%E9%80%A3%E9%82%A6%E4%BD%8F%E5%AE%85%E9%87%91%E8%9E%8D%E5%B1%80-idJPZONQY4801?il=0--------------------------------------------------------------http://www.reuters.com/article/worldNews/idAFKCN1BW1W3U.S. President Donald Trump looks up during his meeting with Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas during the U.N. General Assembly in New York, U.S., September 20, 2017.
REUTERS/Kevin LamarqueNEW YORK (Reuters) - President Donald Trump said on Thursday the United States would be adding more sanctions on North Korea.
Tensions have escalated in recent weeks over Pyongyang’s missile and nuclear weapons program, despite intense pressure from world powers.
“We will be putting more sanctions on North Korea,” Trump said in response to a question at a meeting with Afghan president Ashraf Ghani.
On Afghanistan, Trump said the U.S. military was doing more leading than fighting.U.S. President Donald Trump looks up during his meeting with Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas during the U.N. General Assembly in New York, U.S., September 20, 2017. REUTERS/Kevin Lamarque

NEW YORK (Reuters) - President Donald Trump said on Thursday the United States would be adding more sanctions on North Korea.

Tensions have escalated in recent weeks over Pyongyang’s missile and nuclear weapons program, despite intense pressure from world powers.

“We will be putting more sanctions on North Korea,” Trump said in response to a question at a meeting with Afghan president Ashraf Ghani.

On Afghanistan, Trump said the U.S. military was doing more leading than fighting.--------------------------------------------------------------http://www.reuters.com/article/entertainmentNews/idLTAKCN1BU2F6-OUSLECyber RiskDistrustful U.S. allies force NSA to back down in encryption fightCyber Risk

Distrustful U.S. allies force NSA to back down in encryption fight--------------------------------------------------------------http://www.reuters.com/article/us-toshiba-accounting/toshiba-keen-to-seal-18-billion-chips-sale-wrestles-with-last-minute-delays-idUSKCN1BW08RStruggling to plug a yawning balance sheet hole after a cost blow-out at its now-bankrupt U.S. nuclear business, Toshiba has been trying to sell its chip business since late January.
Agreeing the sale of the world’s second-largest producer of NAND flash memory chips brings the group closer to the end of a tangled and fraught process.
MAJOR UNKNOWNSBain has partnered with SK Hynix and brought in deep-pocketed U.S. buyers of Toshiba chips such as Apple Inc and Dell Inc to bolster its bid.
The NAND flash memory chips business faces fierce price competition with Samsung Electronics, he said, and China was likely to join the race.
“To survive, Toshiba needs to shift its focus to (flash memory-backed) storage systems for servers rather than selling memory chips alone.TOKYO (Reuters) - Japan’s Toshiba Corp is locked in last minute discussions over “key issues” with the would-be buyers of its $18 billion memory chip business led by U.S. private equity firm Bain, potentially delaying a formal agreement on the sale.

Toshiba said on Wednesday it had agreed to sell the prized unit to the Bain consortium, and had been expected to formalise the sale on Thursday.

Instead, South Korea’s SK Hynix Inc, part of the winning consortium, said talks were still ongoing. Sources familiar with the matter confirmed consortium members were still wrangling over details of their agreement and said commitment letters from all participants were still needed before the sale could be signed formally.

“There are some key issues still to be agreed upon in the content approved by Toshiba’s board,” the South Korean chipmaker said in a statement, adding that it would continue talks.

Toshiba and Bain did not immediately reply to a request for comment.

Adding to uncertainty, jilted suitor and Toshiba joint venture partner Western Digital took fresh legal action overnight, filing new arbitration requests to stop Toshiba investing in a new flash memory production line without its help.

Shares in Toshiba reflected the concerns, falling more than 2 percent in late afternoon trade.

Struggling to plug a yawning balance sheet hole after a cost blow-out at its now-bankrupt U.S. nuclear business, Toshiba has been trying to sell its chip business since late January.

Agreeing the sale of the world’s second-largest producer of NAND flash memory chips brings the group closer to the end of a tangled and fraught process.

As late as Tuesday night, sources said Toshiba was leaning towards selling the business to Western Digital.

MAJOR UNKNOWNS

Bain has partnered with SK Hynix and brought in deep-pocketed U.S. buyers of Toshiba chips such as Apple Inc and Dell Inc to bolster its bid.

But there are major unknowns, including the outcome of antitrust investigations and the battle with Western Digital.

It is unclear how long that process could last, and what impact it would have on the completion of the sale.

Industry watchers also said SK Hynix’s participation could prolong antitrust reviews, particularly in China, as Beijing is trying to grow domestic players. The South Korean chipmaker plans to limit its role to financing, but it’s unclear if it hopes to gain a stake in the future.

“It’s clear to everyone that this Bain deal will have difficulty succeeding,” said Akira Minamikawa, principal analyst at IHS Markit.

The NAND flash memory chips business faces fierce price competition with Samsung Electronics, he said, and China was likely to join the race.

“To survive, Toshiba needs to shift its focus to (flash memory-backed) storage systems for servers rather than selling memory chips alone. And strong players there are Samsung and Western Digital, not (new partner) SK Hynix.”--------------------------------------------------------------http://www.reuters.com/article/us-usa-healthcare-price/democratic-lawmakers-seek-probe-of-hhs-secretarys-use-of-private-jets-idUSKCN1BV2JB?feedType=RSS&amp;feedName=politicsNewsREUTERS/Jonathan ErnstWASHINGTON (Reuters) - Several Democratic members of the U.S. Senate and House of Representatives asked on Wednesday for an investigation into a report that Health and Human Services Secretary Tom Price used private jets to travel on government business.
Politico reported on Tuesday that Price took private jets on five occasions for official business, which cost tens of thousands of dollars more than commercial flights.
Politico documented one chartered trip to Philadelphia from Washington that cost about $25,000.
“American taxpayers deserve assurances that their tax dollars are not wasted by the government’s highest officials,” five lawmakers said in a letter to the HHS Office of the Inspector General, citing the Politico report.
That trip prompted a federal watchdog this month to review the circumstances surrounding the travel.FILE PHOTO: U.S. Secretary of Health and Human Services (HHS) Tom Price (R) and White House counselor Kellyanne Conway brief reporters after their meeting on opioid addiction with President Trump at his nearby Bedminster golf estate, at a hotel in Bridgewater, New Jersey U.S. August 8, 2017. REUTERS/Jonathan Ernst

WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Several Democratic members of the U.S. Senate and House of Representatives asked on Wednesday for an investigation into a report that Health and Human Services Secretary Tom Price used private jets to travel on government business.

Politico reported on Tuesday that Price took private jets on five occasions for official business, which cost tens of thousands of dollars more than commercial flights. Politico documented one chartered trip to Philadelphia from Washington that cost about $25,000.

“American taxpayers deserve assurances that their tax dollars are not wasted by the government’s highest officials,” five lawmakers said in a letter to the HHS Office of the Inspector General, citing the Politico report.

They asked for a review of Price’s “adherence to federal regulations and Department of Health and Human Services policies and procedures for travel.”

The lawmakers included Frank Pallone Jr., the top-ranking Democrat on the House Energy and Commerce Committee, and Senator Patty Murray, the top-ranking Democrat on the Senate Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions Committee.

HHS said in a statement that the agency’s travel department “continues to check every possible source for travel needs including commercial, but commercial travel is not always feasible.”

Last month, U.S. Treasury Secretary Steve Mnuchin and his wife, actress Louise Linton, traveled on a government plane to Kentucky where they viewed the Aug. 21 solar eclipse with Senate Republican leader Mitch McConnell and others. That trip prompted a federal watchdog this month to review the circumstances surrounding the travel.--------------------------------------------------------------http://www.reuters.com/article/pingan-tech-fund-first-investment-0921-t-idCNKCS1BW0X1?il=0--------------------------------------------------------------http://www.reuters.com/article/uk-spain-politics-catalonia-eu/spooked-by-catalonia-eu-rallies-behind-madrid-but-warily-idUKKCN1BW203?il=0The official European Union line is that Spanish democracy works and Spaniards should settle their affairs according to national laws.
While publicly refusing to take sides on whether a Catalan breakaway is desirable, few European leaders would welcome it.
There is also a broader unwillingness as Britain exits from the EU to open another Pandora’s box of economic uncertainty and legal disruption.
“This is not a tough line, this is a democratic and a legal line,” the EPP’s Spanish Secretary-General Antonio Lopez-Isturiz said, noting that Catalans voted for the constitution in 1978.
The EU legislature’s centre-left group also backs the view that Spain’s constitution must be respected above all.FILE PHOTO: Catalan pro-independence supporters hold a giant "estelada" (Catalan separatist flag) during a demonstration called "Via Lliure a la Republica Catalana" (Way of Freedom for the Republic of Catalonia) on the "Diada de Catalunya" (Catalunya's National Day) in Barcelona, Spain, September 11, 2015. REUTERS/Albert Gea/File Photo

BRUSSELS (Reuters) - Spain’s EU partners fear a mounting crisis over Catalans’ latest push for independence, and their public support for Mariano Rajoy belies some disquiet that the conservative prime minister’s hardline tactics might backfire.

Few foreign leaders will speak out on a domestic dispute in which government and courts in Madrid say the Catalan regional authorities in Barcelona are defying a constitutional ban on secession by preparing an independence referendum for Oct. 1.

The official European Union line is that Spanish democracy works and Spaniards should settle their affairs according to national laws. But the worsening standoff, with police arresting elected Catalan officials this week, is troubling officials and politicians abroad, who fear it may hurt Europe in various ways.

German Chancellor Angela Merkel, through a spokesman, echoed that line when asked by Reuters if she had had recent contact on the matter with Rajoy, a fellow conservative. While stressing it was an “internal Spanish matter”, the spokesman also recalled that Merkel had in previous years told Rajoy that Berlin had “great interest in the maintenance of stability in Spain”.

Less constrained by diplomatic protocol, other Europeans are starting to speak out: “Rajoy has put a lot of oil on the fire, fuelling the independentist debate. He has made a huge mistake,” Ska Keller, the German co-leader of the Greens in the European Parliament, told Reuters as she called on those who may have influence with Rajoy to intercede and calm things down.

While publicly refusing to take sides on whether a Catalan breakaway is desirable, few European leaders would welcome it.

As with the 2014 referendum in Scotland, which unlike Catalonia’s vote was held with the blessing of the central government in London, countries fear encouraging separatists at home: Belgium’s Flemings, Italy’s Lombards and so on. There is also a broader unwillingness as Britain exits from the EU to open another Pandora’s box of economic uncertainty and legal disruption.

The EU’s chief executive, Jean-Claude Juncker, was irked when Catalans seized on a remarks last week that they could join the EU after independence to suggest he favoured their cause.

The European Commission president said he had only reiterated the so-called “Prodi doctrine”, dating back 13 years. This is that a breakaway state would have to leave the Union and could then only be let back in if it has gained independence in accordance with constitutional law in the member state it left.

Juncker also said that rich “regional traditions” should not become “elements of separatism and fragmentation of Europe”.

GROWING CONCERNS

FILE PHOTO: People hold banners during a pro-independence rally in Barcelona, Spain June 11, 2017. REUTERS/Albert Gea/File photo

Commission officials reject suggestions they are giving Madrid a soft ride on complaints that Spain’s constitution is stifling Catalan rights while the EU is now threatening to suspend Poland over the Warsaw government’s plans for constitutional change.

The Commission feels constrained by EU law not to take sides in Spain. But the European Parliament, led by the European People’s Party (EPP), the centre-right bloc to which Rajoy, Merkel and Juncker belong, is more vocal in backing Madrid.

Antonio Tajani, the legislature’s Italian conservative president, bluntly told a Catalan newspaper last week that to ignore Spain’s constitution was to undermine the legal basis for the whole European Union: “Those are the rules,” he said.

“This is not a tough line, this is a democratic and a legal line,” the EPP’s Spanish Secretary-General Antonio Lopez-Isturiz said, noting that Catalans voted for the constitution in 1978.

The EU legislature’s centre-left group also backs the view that Spain’s constitution must be respected above all.

Nonetheless, that legal approach is causing disquiet.

“There are growing concerns in Europe about the way Rajoy is handling this,” said Steven Blockmans of the Centre for European Policy Studies. “They’re trying to keep him on board, but with his tactics he’s fuelling the independence debate.”

Blockmans suggested Spain look at how his native Belgium had amended its constitution to devolve power. The leader of Belgium’s powerful Dutch-speaking Flanders region issued a call on Thursday for “international mediation” in the Catalan crisis.

Andrew Duff, a British liberal former EU lawmaker now at the European Policy Centre think-tank, said EU leaders should be engaging quietly with Rajoy “to try to soften the sense of crisis”. If they are already, they are not making it public.

“Rajoy hasn’t played this very cleverly,” Duff said. “From Brussels’ perspective, this kind of domestic constitutional crisis cries out for political sophistication of a very high level, which we haven’t yet seen, either from the Catalans or from Madrid. It puts the Commission in a very awkward position.”

A senior EU official said Juncker was likely to go on exercising his right to stay largely silent on the issue for now: “It’s like in those police shows,” he said. “Anything you say can be held against you. It’s better not to say anything.”--------------------------------------------------------------http://www.reuters.com/article/topNews/idFRKCN1BW17U-OFRTPLes instances dirigeantes de FO, la CFDT, la CFTC et la CFE-CGC n‘ont pas appelé à rejoindre le mouvement, comme lors de la journée d‘action précédente.
“Il y a des gouvernements qui étaient droits dans leurs bottes et qui ont changé d‘avis face à la mobilisation dans la rue”, a-t-il ajouté.
La RATP et la SNCF ne prévoient pas de perturbations majeures malgré l‘appel à la grève de la CGT.
Les retraités ont appelé à une manifestation contre la hausse de la CSG le 28 septembre, et les fonctionnaires le 10 octobre.
“Les syndicats se mettent en mouvement et nous on appelle à les soutenir”, a-t-il déclaré à la presse.PARIS (Reuters) - La CGT, qui a organisé jeudi une deuxième journée de mobilisation contre la réforme du Code du travail, prélude à un mouvement plus large, a appelé les autres syndicats à se joindre à la contestation pour faire reculer le gouvernement.

La centrale syndicale, soutenue par le syndicat Solidaires, a prévu une journée d‘action à travers la France, à l‘instar de celle du 12 septembre qui a réuni 223.000 personnes dans les rues selon le ministère de l‘Intérieur, et 500.000 selon les organisateurs.

Les instances dirigeantes de FO, la CFDT, la CFTC et la CFE-CGC n‘ont pas appelé à rejoindre le mouvement, comme lors de la journée d‘action précédente.

“Ce qu‘on souhaite à la CGT, c‘est que ce qu‘on voit dans la rue, dans les entreprises, c‘est-à-dire des syndicats qui sont unis, ça puisse se concrétiser au niveau des confédérations”, a déclaré le secrétaire général de la CGT, Philippe Martinez, au départ du cortège parisien, souhaitant que le mouvement soit “encore plus fort dans les semaines à venir”.

“Il y a des gouvernements qui étaient droits dans leurs bottes et qui ont changé d‘avis face à la mobilisation dans la rue”, a-t-il ajouté.

La centrale syndicale a recensé une centaine de manifestations pour jeudi. Il y en avait 200 la semaine dernière. La RATP et la SNCF ne prévoient pas de perturbations majeures malgré l‘appel à la grève de la CGT.

Une cinquantaine d‘unions départementales et huit fédérations de Force ouvrière devraient rejoindre les cortèges selon la CGT, ainsi que certaines fédérations de la CFE-CGC.

Les retraités ont appelé à une manifestation contre la hausse de la CSG le 28 septembre, et les fonctionnaires le 10 octobre. A partir du 25 septembre, ce sont les routiers qui prévoient des blocages, notamment dans des dépôts de carburant.

MACRON N‘ENTEND PAS CÉDER

Le leader de La France insoumise, Jean-Luc Mélenchon, présent dans le cortège de Paris et dont le mouvement organise samedi à Paris un rassemblement contre le “coup d‘Etat social” d‘Emmanuel Macron, a lui aussi estimé qu‘on n‘en était qu‘au “début” de la mobilisation.

“Les syndicats se mettent en mouvement et nous on appelle à les soutenir”, a-t-il déclaré à la presse.

A Marseille, la manifestation a toutefois rassemblé moins de participants que le 12 septembre. La CGT y a fait état de 50.000 participants jeudi, contre 60.000 lors de la précédente manifestation. La préfecture des Bouches-du-Rhône en a dénombré 4.500 contre 7.500 le 12 septembre.

Emmanuel Macron, qui se trouvait cette semaine à New York pour l‘Assemblée générale des Nations unies, a répété qu‘il entendait mener à bien son projet.

“J‘ai été clair durant ma campagne à propos de ces réformes. J‘ai expliqué ces réformes, j‘ai présenté ces réformes pendant des semaines et j‘ai été élu pour cela”, a déclaré le président de la République mardi à la chaîne de télévision américaine CNN.

“Je crois en la démocratie, mais la démocratie n‘est pas dans les rues”, a-t-il dit, avant de préciser mercredi, lors d‘une conférence de presse qu‘il n‘y aurait “aucune complaisance” vis-à-vis d‘éventuelles violences.

Pour le président de la CFTC, Philippe Louis, des manifestations, à ce stade-ci, ne suffiront pas pour faire reculer le gouvernement.

“Quand on va dans la rue, qu‘est ce qu‘on obtient? On obtient l‘ouverture de négociations, on obtient de se mettre autour de la table”, a-t-il dit jeudi sur LCP. “Est ce qu‘aujourd‘hui, on peut penser objectivement qu‘on va pouvoir obtenir le retrait des ordonnances? Non”.

Il mise tout sur les décrets d‘application qui doivent préciser certains curseurs clés de la réforme, comme les moyens accordés à l‘instance représentative du personnel.

“Si on nous présente des décrets où on perd la moitié de nos délégués et la moitié de nos heures de délégation, c‘est inacceptable (...) Là, effectivement, on commencerait à aller aussi dans la rue”, a-t-il précisé.--------------------------------------------------------------http://www.reuters.com/article/topNews/idFRKCN1BW182-OFRTP--------------------------------------------------------------http://in.reuters.com/article/saudi-telecoms-ban/saudi-lifting-ban-on-skype-whatsapp-calls-but-will-censor-them-idINKCN1BW125A Saudi woman uses the Careem app on her mobile phone in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia, January 2, 2017.
REUTERS/Faisal Al Nasser/File PhotoRIYADH (Reuters) - The Saudi government is lifting a ban on calls made through online apps on Thursday but will monitor and censor them, a government spokesman said.
However, on Thursday morning, Viber appeared to remain blocked inside the kingdom, and WhatsApp worked only when connected to a wireless network.
Lifting the ban represents part of the Saudi government’s broad reforms to diversify the economy partly in response to low oil prices, which have hit the country’s finances.
Yet the policy reversal could squeeze Saudi Arabia’s three main telecoms operators - Saudi Telecom Co (STC), Etihad Etisalat (Mobily) and Zain Saudi - which earn revenue from international phone calls made by the millions of expatriates living in the kingdom.A Saudi woman uses the Careem app on her mobile phone in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia, January 2, 2017. Picture taken January 2, 2017. REUTERS/Faisal Al Nasser/File Photo

RIYADH (Reuters) - The Saudi government is lifting a ban on calls made through online apps on Thursday but will monitor and censor them, a government spokesman said.

All online voice and video call services - such as Microsoft’s Skype, Facebook’s WhatsApp and Messenger, and Rakuten’s Viber - that satisfy regulatory requirements were set to become accessible overnight.

However, on Thursday morning, Viber appeared to remain blocked inside the kingdom, and WhatsApp worked only when connected to a wireless network.

Adel Abu Hameed, spokesman for telecoms regulator CITC, said on Arabiya TV on Wednesday that new regulations were aimed mainly at protecting users’ personal information and blocking content that violated the kingdom’s laws.

Asked if the apps could be monitored by the authorities or companies, he said: “Under no circumstances can the user use an application for video or voice calling without monitoring and censorship by the Communications and Information Technology Commission, whether the application is global or local.”

It was unclear how the authorities can monitor apps such as WhatsApp, which says its messages are supported by end-to-end encryption, meaning the company cannot read customers’ messages even if approached by law enforcement agencies.

Saudi Arabia, which introduced blocks to internet communications from 2013, has along with its Gulf Arab neighbours been wary that such services could be used by activists and militants.

Gulf Arab states, except the island kingdom of Bahrain, were mostly spared the “Arab Spring” mass protests often organised over the Internet that roiled much of the region in 2011.

Lifting the ban represents part of the Saudi government’s broad reforms to diversify the economy partly in response to low oil prices, which have hit the country’s finances.

Yet the policy reversal could squeeze Saudi Arabia’s three main telecoms operators - Saudi Telecom Co (STC), Etihad Etisalat (Mobily) and Zain Saudi - which earn revenue from international phone calls made by the millions of expatriates living in the kingdom.--------------------------------------------------------------http://www.reuters.com/article/us-brazil-temer-reuters-newsmaker/brazils-temer-says-government-not-considering-privatizing-petrobras-idUSKCN1BV2WINEW YORK (Reuters) - Brazil’s President Michel Temer said on Wednesday state-run oil company Petroleo Brasileiro (PETR4.SA), a symbol of national sovereignty, would stay in public hands even as his government makes an aggressive privatization push.
However, he ruled out a similar step with the state oil company, known as Petrobras, saying it held “a very strong symbolism” of national sovereignty for Brazilians.
But they acknowledge that the government’s reform agenda will be delayed while it spends time and energy defending the president.
The bill is Temer’s main measure to plug the budget deficit that cost Brazil its hard-won investment credit rating grade two years ago.
Analysts expect the bill to be watered down to its bare bones to be able to clear Congress this year.NEW YORK (Reuters) - Brazil’s President Michel Temer said on Wednesday state-run oil company Petroleo Brasileiro (PETR4.SA), a symbol of national sovereignty, would stay in public hands even as his government makes an aggressive privatization push.

Temer, speaking at a Reuters Newsmaker event in New York, also said that sprawling investigations that have led to corruption charges against scores of powerful figures - including him - show that Brazil’s governmental institutions are independent and working well.

The leader of Latin America’s largest nation said the fight against corruption was giving investors more confidence to do business in Brazil and this was being reflected in the nation’s benchmark stock index trading near all-time highs.

“It was an important and daring decision to open Eletrobras capital to private investors,” Temer said, referring to a decision announced last month to sell a controlling stake in Centrais Eletricas Brasileiras SA (ELET6.SA), Brazil and Latin America’s largest utility.

Inviting outside investment in Brazil is part of business-friendly Temer’s plan to help the country recover from its deepest recession and to provide much-needed funds to bridge its gaping budget deficit.

However, he ruled out a similar step with the state oil company, known as Petrobras, saying it held “a very strong symbolism” of national sovereignty for Brazilians. “Naturally, we are not thinking of privatizing it,” he said.

‘NOT WORRIED’

Temer has been charged with graft based on the plea-bargain testimony of the owners of the world’s largest meatpacker, JBS SA (JBSS3.SA). They accused him of taking bribes in return for political favors and of conspiring to buy the silence of a witness who could implicate the leader.

Brazilian President Michel Temer speaks with Reuters Editor-in-Chief Steve Adler about the future of Latin America's largest economy as it emerges from recession and a large-scale corruption scandal at a Reuters Newsmaker event in Manhattan, New York City, U.S. September 20, 2017. REUTERS/Darren Ornitz

Temer has repeatedly said he is innocent of any wrongdoing. He said at the Reuters event he was not concerned about being charged with racketeering and obstruction of justice last week.

“These accusations must be investigated, but I am not worried about this in the least,” he said.

Slideshow (5 Images)

Shortly after Temer spoke, a majority of the judges on Brazil’s Supreme Court voted to send the new charges against him to the lower house of Congress, which must authorize any trial against a sitting president.

Last month, the chamber blocked an earlier corruption charge against him and Temer and his allies are confident the new ones will also be blocked by the chamber. But they acknowledge that the government’s reform agenda will be delayed while it spends time and energy defending the president.

During the wide-ranging, 45-minute discussion at the headquarters of Reuters, Temer also said that the Mercosur trade bloc of South American nations hopes to reach a trade deal with the European Union by the end of the year.

Investors attending the event praised Temer’s openness about the corruption cases against him and for his determination to pass a pension reform bill, even though the president gave no indication of when that could happen.

The bill is Temer’s main measure to plug the budget deficit that cost Brazil its hard-won investment credit rating grade two years ago. Analysts expect the bill to be watered down to its bare bones to be able to clear Congress this year.

“That’s enough to keep markets satisfied and to fend off a number of downgrades in credit ratings,” said Alejo Czerwonko, emerging markets strategist at UBS AG.--------------------------------------------------------------http://www.reuters.com/article/sportsNews/idCAKCN1BW1ZX-OCASP“All inspectors in charge of taking samples are new.”RUSADA had its global accreditation suspended after reports by the World Anti-Doping Agency (WADA) found evidence, still denied by Moscow, of state-sponsored doping.
Next week, WADA returns to the anti-doping agency to see what steps it has made toward returning to the world arena.
Russian Anti-Doping Agency (RUSADA) Director General Yuri Ganus attends an interview with Reuters in Moscow, Russia September 20, 2017.
RUSADA was eager to learn from the world’s leading national anti-doping organizations (NADOs).
But Joseph de Pencier, chief executive of the Institute of National Anti-Doping Organizations, went out of his way to welcome Ganus and his calls for cooperation.MOSCOW (Reuters) - Almost two years after Russia crashed out of world athletics amid a spate of drugs scandals, former university lecturer Yuri Ganus sits in his Moscow office, plotting the rehabilitation of the national anti-doping agency.

The 53-year-old, who took over as the RUSADA agency’s director general just three weeks ago, told Reuters sweeping staff changes and a switch of mindset had already left the organization almost unrecognizable.

“We have changed our director, our leadership, 90 percent of our staff,” Ganus said. “All inspectors in charge of taking samples are new.”

RUSADA had its global accreditation suspended after reports by the World Anti-Doping Agency (WADA) found evidence, still denied by Moscow, of state-sponsored doping.

Next week, WADA returns to the anti-doping agency to see what steps it has made toward returning to the world arena.

Ganus said there was still work to do but said his staff was ready for the review.

“We want to show WADA what the situation is actually like,” said Ganus, who has no apparent ties to Russia’s sports bureaucracy. “We won’t paint pretty pictures.”

CULTURE CHANGE

Some of the reforms that WADA says Russia still has to make are out of Ganus’s hands.

The government has to give testers access to stored urine samples in a Moscow laboratory.

Potentially most difficult of all, Russia’s sporting authorities - including the sports ministry and the Russian Olympic Committee - have to acknowledge the findings of the 2015 WADA-commissioned reports by Canadian lawyer Richard McLaren into wide-scale doping.

Ganus did not comment directly on the accusations of past wrongs. He also did not give details on how Russia would meet the demand to acknowledge wrong-doing, saying only that all reinstatement criteria were taken equally seriously.

Russian Anti-Doping Agency (RUSADA) Director General Yuri Ganus attends an interview with Reuters in Moscow, Russia September 20, 2017. REUTERS/Sergei Karpukhin

“We need to understand that the culture needs to change, not only RUSADA,” he said. “That’s the basis of clean sport.”

RUSADA is also facing more immediate concerns, most pressingly how to get sportspeople tested who hope to compete at 2018 Winter Olympics in Pyeongchang, South Korea.

The doping scandal, which has also led to the suspension of Russia’s athletics federation and its Paralympic Committee, has effectively barred Russians from competing in global athletics events - though some have been allowed to appear as neutrals.

Russian competitors in other sports can still appear at events - including, currently, Pyeongchang - though they have to find someone else to test them for drugs.

Slideshow (4 Images)

Under the current suspension, RUSADA still has to send samples abroad - a “real problem” for the agency, says Ganus.

RUSADA recently contacted other national anti-doping agencies, inviting their officers to help test athletes in Russia while their Russian counterparts are trained, Ganus said.

OPEN TO COOPERATION

“One of the ways in which the current organization differs from the old one is that we are open to cooperation,” he said.

RUSADA was eager to learn from the world’s leading national anti-doping organizations (NADOs). “This is a matter of trust,” he said. “Maybe they wouldn’t want to work with the old organization, but I don’t see why they wouldn’t work with the new one.”

That trust may take a while to build. Last week 17 NADO leaders called for Russia’s exclusion from Pyeongchang, saying that a country’s “sport leaders and organizations should not be given credentials to the Olympics when they intentionally violate the rules and rob clean athletes”.

But Joseph de Pencier, chief executive of the Institute of National Anti-Doping Organizations, went out of his way to welcome Ganus and his calls for cooperation.

“Now that it has a new permanent Director General we want to support RUSADA to become code-compliant again and to rejoin active participation in the NADO network,” de Pencier said.

“It is in the best interests of all NADOs, and of the clean athletes they serve, that Russia and its athletes have a strong, independent, effective, code-compliant and internationally-connected RUSADA.”--------------------------------------------------------------http://www.reuters.com/article/entertainmentNews/idCAKCN1BV1QZ-OCAENKimmel, who became part of the debate on U.S. healthcare legislation in May after emotionally discussing his newborn son’s emergency heart surgery, took aim at Senator Bill Cassidy on his show on Tuesday night.
Cassidy had said any healthcare bill must pass what he called “the Jimmy Kimmel test” of providing affordable care for such children and include preventative care for every American.
“This guy Bill Cassidy just lied right to my face,” Kimmel said on Tuesday.
“This new bill actually does pass the Jimmy Kimmel test but a different Jimmy Kimmel test.
Otherwise, you might be screwed.”Sen. Bill Cassidy (R-LA) speaks with reporters about the Cassidy-Graham healthcare bill following the party luncheons on Capitol Hill in Washington, U.S., September 19, 2017.WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Television talk show host Jimmy Kimmel called out a Republican U.S. senator pushing the party’s latest healthcare overhaul plan, saying the lawmaker had “lied right to my face” about efforts to scrap Obamacare by backing a measure that would strip coverage from many Americans.

Kimmel, who became part of the debate on U.S. healthcare legislation in May after emotionally discussing his newborn son’s emergency heart surgery, took aim at Senator Bill Cassidy on his show on Tuesday night. Along with fellow Republican Senator Lindsey Graham, Cassidy authored a bill that now has White House support to dismantle the 2010 Affordable Care Act passed under former Democratic President Barack Obama.

Kimmel has called for healthcare that will ensure treatment for children who do not come from wealthy families, like his. Cassidy appeared on “Jimmy Kimmel Live!” in May and said he supported access to preventative care regardless of income.

Cassidy had said any healthcare bill must pass what he called “the Jimmy Kimmel test” of providing affordable care for such children and include preventative care for every American.

“This guy Bill Cassidy just lied right to my face,” Kimmel said on Tuesday.

“This new bill actually does pass the Jimmy Kimmel test but a different Jimmy Kimmel test. With this one, your child with a pre-existing condition will get the care he needs - if, and only if, his father is Jimmy Kimmel. Otherwise, you might be screwed.”

Sen. Bill Cassidy (R-LA) speaks with reporters about the Cassidy-Graham healthcare bill following the party luncheons on Capitol Hill in Washington, U.S., September 19, 2017. REUTERS/Aaron P. Bernstein

Cassidy responded to Kimmel’s comments with a statement defending his bill as “must-pass” legislation to help cover people and noting Republicans faced a Sept. 30 deadline.

The Graham-Cassidy plan would allow states to opt out of some consumer protections and waive regulations requiring insurers to include certain benefits, as well as end the expansion of the Medicaid insurance program for the poor and disabled.

It remains unclear whether Republicans have enough support to pass the bill, which also would replace Obamacare with a system giving states block grants to fund their own healthcare programs.

Democrats have been united in opposing Republican efforts to make good on their years-long pledge to dismantle current law, a promise that also was central to U.S. Republican President Donald Trump’s presidential campaign.

A bipartisan group of governors, major health industry groups and consumer advocates also opposed the latest bill.

Kimmel and others urged Congress to instead stabilize current insurance markets with a package spearheaded by the Senate health committee’s Republican chairman and ranking Democrat.

“Right now, there’s a bipartisan group of senators working to improve the healthcare system we have,” Kimmel said on his show. “Go pitch in and be a part of that ... And if not? Stop using my name.”--------------------------------------------------------------http://www.reuters.com/article/worldNews/idAFKCN1BW0LVPhilippot is seen as too divisive within the far-right to create a party that would be a serious threat.
And so yes, of course, I‘m quitting the National Front,” Philippot, 35 and a graduate of France’s elite administrative school ENA, told France 2 television.
REUTERS/Charles Platiau/File PhotoAppearing on France’s RTL Radio on Thursday, Melenchon reveled in the turmoil on the far-right.
Philippot joined the party in 2011 and rose quickly to become Le Pen’s chief adviser.
But other more high profile figures rejoiced, including Le Pen’s partner Louis Aliot.PARIS (Reuters) - The right-hand man of French National Front chief Marine Le Pen quit the party on Thursday, a split that opens the way for policy changes in the far-right party and shows the depth of internal feuding after Le Pen’s presidential election defeat.

The departure of Florian Philippot, for years Le Pen’s closest aide and a key architect of efforts to detoxify the party’s image while campaigning against the euro, had looked increasingly inevitable as the party bickered over who was to blame for a damaging electoral cycle.

His exit is expected to allow Le Pen to refocus on core policies around immigration and French national identity, while perhaps softening her anti-euro tone, which many say contributed to Le Pen’s resounding defeat in the presidential election run-off.

While Philippot’s departure is likely to increase turmoil in the party at first and others have already said they would follow him out the door, the FN has survived similar crises in the past and analysts expect it to do the same this time. Philippot is seen as too divisive within the far-right to create a party that would be a serious threat.

Le Pen, who has shown a sometimes ruthless determination to hold on to power in the National Front, having already pushed out her father Jean-Marie, the founder of the party, withdrew Philippot’s responsibilities within the movement late on Wednesday, leaving him with little choice about his future.

“I‘m not into being ridiculed, I‘m not into having nothing to do. And so yes, of course, I‘m quitting the National Front,” Philippot, 35 and a graduate of France’s elite administrative school ENA, told France 2 television.

Le Pen, who just last year spoke of having an “intellectual crush” on Philippot, responded tersely that the FN would have no problems of getting over his departure.

“One should stop trying to bury the National Front,” she told LCP television. “Every time people have tried to do it, it came out better-structured, stronger and more powerful.”

The National Front, which has made major inroads in local, regional and European elections over the past decade without winning any major constituency, will hold a congress in March where internal differences since its defeat to Emmanuel Macron and his new party will come to a head.

The far-right party has tried to portray itself as the main voice of opposition against Macron. But that mantle has so far been assumed by Jean-Luc Melenchon, the leader of the far-left France Insoumise (France Unbowed), who is calling for mass demonstrations against the president’s economic reforms.

FAR-LEFT THRILLED

FILE PHOTO - Marine Le Pen (L), French National Front (FN) political party leader and then candidate for French 2017 presidential election, flanked by National Front (FN) party vice-president Florian Philippot (R), arrives to deliver a speech in Paris, France, March 2, 2017. Philippot, the right-hand man of French National Front leader Marine Le Pen quit the party September 21, 2017, raising the prospect of a split in the far-right's ranks after Le Pen's defeat in the May presidential election and months of internal feuding. Picture taken March 2, 2017. REUTERS/Charles Platiau/File Photo

Appearing on France’s RTL Radio on Thursday, Melenchon reveled in the turmoil on the far-right.

“Excellent, that’s their business. It’s perfect,” he said in reaction to Philippot’s departure. “It’s a party that counts for nothing. Those that were angry but aren’t fascists, I urge them to turn their back (on the FN) and come and join us.”

Jérôme Fourquet, an expert on the far-right at polling group Ifop, said Philippot’s exit would deprive the party of experienced policy writers. But he said any exodus was likely to be limited and short of those who quit when Bruno Megret left the party in 1988, when it was led by Jean-Marie Le Pen. Megret created his own party but it never attracted many votes.

Slideshow (4 Images)

“Those who leave the FN or are pushed out all end up being marginalized,” Fourquet said.

Philippot joined the party in 2011 and rose quickly to become Le Pen’s chief adviser. He was instrumental in crafting her policies and her 2012 and 2017 election manifestos.

Sophie Montel, one of Philippot’s closest aides and an FN member for over 30 years, said on Twitter she was quitting the party. So did several other Philippot allies.

But other more high profile figures rejoiced, including Le Pen’s partner Louis Aliot.

“The FN will finally have some peace of mind away from a sectarian, arrogant, vain extremist who was trying to muzzle our freedom to debate,” Aliot said on Twitter.

“He thinks he’s right about everything and... for me he’s an extremist,” he said later, speaking to RMC. “When you show him a poll that says 75 percent of the French people don’t want to leave the euro, his reply is ‘we don’t give a damn, that’s where we are going.'”

Robert Menard, an FN ally and a mayor in southern France, was even blunter, saying: “We need to stop with the anti-Europeanism and the Melenchon-type (economic) policies.”

Le Pen said the party would continue to fight the EU and wanted a return to monetary sovereignty. But after many flip-flops on the issue, she did not spell out precisely what that would entail.--------------------------------------------------------------http://www.reuters.com/article/%E8%A1%A8%E6%A0%BC%EF%BC%9A%E7%BE%8E%E5%9B%BD9%E6%9C%8814%E6%97%A5%E6%AD%A2%E5%BD%93%E5%91%A8%E5%86%9C%E4%BD%9C%E7%89%A9%E5%87%BA%E5%8F%A3%E9%94%80%E5%94%AE%E6%8A%A5%E5%91%8A-USDA-idCNL4S1M24KQ--------------------------------------------------------------http://www.reuters.com/article/uk-global-markets/feds-great-unwinding-lifts-dollar-china-rating-gets-the-chop-idUKKCN1BW043Along with the dollar bulls, European bank stocks .SX7P cheered the prospect of higher interest rates which should help their profits.
They rose over 1.5 percent as a weaker euro EUR= helped the pan-European STOXX 600 generally too.
“Initial reaction (to the Fed) is fairly straightforward,” said Saxo Bank head of FX strategy John Hardy.
COMMODITIESThe higher dollar strained commodity markets, where the underlying raw materials are priced in the U.S. currency.
Japan's Nikkei .N225 closed up 0.2 percent as the yen's fall against the dollar after the Fed's decision helped sentiment around exporters.LONDON (Reuters) - Signals the Federal Reserve will hike U.S. interest rates again this year and begin the ‘Great Unwinding’ of a decade of aggressive stimulus, drove the dollar to a two-month high versus the yen on Thursday and sent bonds and commodities lower.

Traders reacted predictably to what had been a heavily-flagged move from the Fed, which was then followed just as unsurprisingly in Asia as the Bank of Japan kept its monetary spigots open at full.

Along with the dollar bulls, European bank stocks .SX7P cheered the prospect of higher interest rates which should help their profits. They rose over 1.5 percent as a weaker euro EUR= helped the pan-European STOXX 600 generally too.

Wall Street looked set for a subdued restart however, as shorter-term government bond yields, which reflect borrowing costs, hovered at their highest in nine years and the dollar's rise took it as far as 112.725 yen JPY=EBS, its strongest since July 18.

“Initial reaction (to the Fed) is fairly straightforward,” said Saxo Bank head of FX strategy John Hardy.

“They still kept the December hike (signal) in there and the market is being reluctantly tugged in the direction of having to price that in.”

Interest rate futures are now pricing in about a 70 percent chance of a December Fed rate hike according to CME’s ‘FedWatch’ tool, up from above 50 percent prior to the Fed meeting and under 40 percent just a few weeks ago.

There was one surprise for traders to deal with.

S&P Global became the second major rating agency this year to cut China’s credit score, citing worries about the country’s rising debt levels and the risks that posed for financial stability in the world’s second largest economy.

China’s markets were already closed by the time it came but it kept the pressure on metals and emerging markets stocks .MSCIEF which were already down after the Fed meeting and as Russia was forced to bail out one of its large banks.

Since the start of 2014, Reuters analysis shows that the big three rating agencies - S&P Global, Moody’s and Fitch - have racked up more than 155 emerging market downgrades between them, which averages out a roughly one a week.

The likes of S&P also still have far more negative outlooks -- effectively downgrade warnings -- on EM sovereign ratings than positive ones too, which suggest further cuts are looming.

“China’s credit problem is the biggest problem we have ever seen in any country and probably justifies a lower rating,” said Claire Dissaux, head of global economics and strategy at Millenium Global Investments.

“Also one element that models cannot capture is the strength of institutions such as transparency of regulation of the banking sector and central bank independence. All that is an argument to say China’s rating might still be too good.”

GREAT UNWINDING

File Photo - A pedestrian stands to look at an electronic board showing the stock market indices of various countries outside a brokerage in Tokyo, Japan, February 26, 2016. REUTERS/Yuya Shino

The Fed’s plan to start reducing its $4.2 trillion crisis-era stockpile of bonds and raise U.S. rates again was still the driver though as U.S. markets prepared to reopen.

The euro shed roughly 0.1 percent to $1.1890 EUR=EBS after dropping 0.8 percent the previous day, when it reversed a four-session winning run.

European Central Bank President Mario Draghi is due to speak later on financial stability though focus will be on whether he give any more hints on the ECB joining the “Great Unwinding” as the influential Bank for International Settlement (BIS) has described it.

The yield on Germany’s 10-year government, the benchmark for the region, was 4 basis points higher at 0.47 percent, its highest since early August. It is still well below the 2.28 percent U.S. equivalent though.

The gap between United States and German 10-year borrowing costs narrowed a touched to 179 bps having struck 184 bps - its highest in a month - on Wednesday.

Spanish government bonds moved roughly in line with peers, having underperformed on Wednesday after Spanish police raided Catalan government offices and arrested officials on Wednesday to halt a banned referendum on independence.

“The central Spanish government’s increasingly rigorous line of action in response to Catalonia’s aspirations to independence triggered profit-taking on Spanish debt instruments, which subsequently spilled over to BTPs (Italian debt),” DZ Bank analyst Rene Abrecht said.

COMMODITIES

The higher dollar strained commodity markets, where the underlying raw materials are priced in the U.S. currency.

Gold XAU= hit a three-week low of $1,293 per ounce, Brent and WTI oil eased away from multi-month highs, while industrial metals copper CMCU3 and nickel CMNI3 tumbled 1.2 and 3.8 percent to more than one-month lows.

Brent crude futures LCOc1 last stood at $55.83, down around 1 percent from late U.S. levels as U.S. benchmark West Texas Intermediate (WTI)CLc1 fell to $50.14.

There were other beneficiaries though from the shift up in the dollar.

Japan's Nikkei .N225 closed up 0.2 percent as the yen's fall against the dollar after the Fed's decision helped sentiment around exporters.

The Bank of Japan, as widely expected, also maintained its ultra-easy policy settings.

“The BOJ will patiently continue accommodative monetary policy to achieve 2 percent inflation... As such, we will take further monetary easing steps if necessary,” its Governor Haruhiko Kuroda said at his post-meeting news conference.--------------------------------------------------------------http://www.reuters.com/video/2017/09/20/kenyan-police-fire-tear-gas-as-supreme-c?videoId=372574186&videoChannel=117764&channelName=Rough+CutsKenyan police fired tear gas at opposition and ruling party supporters demonstrating near the Supreme Court on Wednesday (September 20) as judges prepared to deliver a detailed ruling laying out their reasons for annulling last month's presidential election.
One person was injured and taken to hospital for treatment when police and demonstrators were attacked by a swarm of bees disturbed by the tear gas.
Voters are anxious to find out whether the vote was voided on procedural grounds or whether there was evidence of systematic rigging.
The court said in a ruling on September 1 that some tallying sheets were not signed or officially stamped.
Election board officials had said incumbent President Uhuru Kenyatta won by 1.5 million votes but that was rejected by opposition leader Raila Odinga, who says the 2017 election, as well as the previous two votes, were stolen from him.ROUGH CUT. NO REPORTER NARRATION. Kenyan police fired tear gas at opposition and ruling party supporters demonstrating near the Supreme Court on Wednesday (September 20) as judges prepared to deliver a detailed ruling laying out their reasons for annulling last month's presidential election. One person was injured and taken to hospital for treatment when police and demonstrators were attacked by a swarm of bees disturbed by the tear gas. Voters are anxious to find out whether the vote was voided on procedural grounds or whether there was evidence of systematic rigging. The court said in a ruling on September 1 that some tallying sheets were not signed or officially stamped. Election board officials had said incumbent President Uhuru Kenyatta won by 1.5 million votes but that was rejected by opposition leader Raila Odinga, who says the 2017 election, as well as the previous two votes, were stolen from him.--------------------------------------------------------------http://www.reuters.com/article/thailand-activists/thai-activists-ordered-to-pay-16-million-for-occupying-airports-idINKCN1BW1WQ?il=0BANGKOK (Reuters) - Thirteen activists were ordered to pay a total of $16 million in compensation on Thursday for shutting down Bangkok’s two main international airports during protests in 2008.
Thailand’s Supreme Court told the leading members of the People’s Alliance for Democracy (PAD) to pay the money plus interest to the Airports of Thailand operator.
Protesters occupied Don Muang and Suvarnabhumi International Airports for more than a week in late 2008, disrupting hundreds of flights and stranding hundreds of thousands of travelers.
“If we cannot pay the compensation then the AOT (Airports of Thailand) will have to sue us for bankruptcy,” he said.
PAD was formed 2005 in opposition to Thaksin Shinawatra, the former Thai prime minister who was ousted in a 2006 military coup.BANGKOK (Reuters) - Thirteen activists were ordered to pay a total of $16 million in compensation on Thursday for shutting down Bangkok’s two main international airports during protests in 2008.

Thailand’s Supreme Court told the leading members of the People’s Alliance for Democracy (PAD) to pay the money plus interest to the Airports of Thailand operator.

Protesters occupied Don Muang and Suvarnabhumi International Airports for more than a week in late 2008, disrupting hundreds of flights and stranding hundreds of thousands of travelers.

One of the PAD leaders affected by the ruling, Suriyasai Katasila, told Reuters it might take years for them to find all the money.

“If we cannot pay the compensation then the AOT (Airports of Thailand) will have to sue us for bankruptcy,” he said.

“I believe what we have done was for the public interest in opposing a corrupt government at the time, it was not motivated by personal interests at all,” he added.

PAD was formed 2005 in opposition to Thaksin Shinawatra, the former Thai prime minister who was ousted in a 2006 military coup. It supporters include members of the urban middle class and support the traditional royalist-military elite.

A total of 98 PAD protesters, more commonly known as the Yellow Shirts, have also been charged with terrorism and other criminal offences linked to the airports occupation.--------------------------------------------------------------http://www.reuters.com/video/2017/09/18/%E7%89%B9%E6%9C%97%E6%99%AE%E9%A6%96%E6%AC%A1%E4%BA%AE%E7%9B%B8%E8%81%94%E5%90%88%E5%9B%BD-%E6%89%B9%E8%AF%84%E8%AF%A5%E6%9C%BA%E6%9E%84%E5%AE%98%E5%83%9A%E4%B8%BB%E4%B9%89?videoId=372562122&videoChannel=118196ROUGH CUT (NO REPORTER NARRATION) U.S. President Donald Trump criticized the United Nations on Monday as being overburdened with bureaucracy and mismanagement and urged reforms so that the world body emerges stronger and a more effective force for peace.
More than 120 countries were invited to attend the meeting after signing on to a U.S.-drafted 10-point political declaration backing efforts by U.N. Secretary-General Antonio Guterres "to initiate effective, meaningful reform."ROUGH CUT (NO REPORTER NARRATION) U.S. President Donald Trump criticized the United Nations on Monday as being overburdened with bureaucracy and mismanagement and urged reforms so that the world body emerges stronger and a more effective force for peace. More than 120 countries were invited to attend the meeting after signing on to a U.S.-drafted 10-point political declaration backing efforts by U.N. Secretary-General Antonio Guterres "to initiate effective, meaningful reform."--------------------------------------------------------------http://in.reuters.com/article/mexico-quake/mexico-searches-for-earthquake-survivors-against-increasing-odds-idINKCN1BW0YMRescue workers and Mexican soldiers take part in a rescue operation at a collapsed building after an earthquake at the Obrera neighborhood in Mexico City, Mexico September 20, 2017.
Rescue workers work at a collapsed building after an earthquake at the Obrera neighborhood in Mexico City, Mexico September 20, 2017.
As with other disaster sites throughout central Mexico, officials dared not employ heavy lifting equipment for fear of crushing anyone below.
Some 52 buildings collapsed in Mexico City alone and more in the surrounding states.
Slideshow (4 Images)The quake killed 102 people in Mexico City and the remaining 135 from five surrounding states, officials said late on Wednesday.Rescue workers and Mexican soldiers take part in a rescue operation at a collapsed building after an earthquake at the Obrera neighborhood in Mexico City, Mexico September 20, 2017. REUTERS/Carlos Jasso

MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - Rescuers labored against long odds into the dawn on Thursday to save a 12-year-old schoolgirl and untold other survivors who may be trapped beneath crumpled buildings in central Mexico following the country’s deadliest earthquake in 32 years.

More than 50 survivors have been plucked from several disaster sites since Tuesday afternoon’s 7.1-magnitude quake, leading to impassioned choruses of “Yes we can!” from the first responders, volunteers and spectators gathered around the ruins.

At least 237 others have died and 1,900 were injured.

As the odds of survival lengthened with each passing hour, officials vowed to continue with search-and-rescue efforts such as the one at a collapsed school in southern Mexico City where Navy-led rescuers could communicate with the 12-year-old girl but were still unable to dig her free.

Eleven other children were rescued from the Enrique Rebsamen School, where the students are aged roughly six to 15 but 21 students and four adults there were killed.

Rescuers previously had seen a hand protruding from the debris and the girl wiggled her fingers when asked if she was still alive, according to broadcaster Televisa, whose cameras and reporters had special access to the scene to provide nonstop live coverage.

But some 15 hours into the effort, Admiral Jose Luis Vergara said rescuers still could not pinpoint her location.

“There’s a girl alive in there, we’re pretty sure of that, but we still don’t know how to get to her,” Vergara told Televisa.

“The hours that have passed complicate the chances of finding alive or in good health the person who might be trapped,” he said.

As Vergara spoke, a human chain of hard-hatted rescuers removed a large chunk of concrete from the floodlit scene.

Rescue workers work at a collapsed building after an earthquake at the Obrera neighborhood in Mexico City, Mexico September 20, 2017. REUTERS/Carlos Jasso TPX IMAGES OF THE DAY

Rescuers periodically demanded “total silence” from bystanders, who would freeze in place and stay quiet to better hear any calls for help.

As with other disaster sites throughout central Mexico, officials dared not employ heavy lifting equipment for fear of crushing anyone below.

Throughout the capital, crews were joined by volunteers and bystanders who used dogs, cameras, motion detectors and heat-seeking equipment to detect victims who may still be alive.

Some 52 buildings collapsed in Mexico City alone and more in the surrounding states.

Slideshow (4 Images)

The quake killed 102 people in Mexico City and the remaining 135 from five surrounding states, officials said late on Wednesday.

At least nine Latin American countries pledged to rush in search-and-rescue teams or technical assistance, with crews from Panama and El Salvador already on the job, as did the United States, Spain, Japan and Israel.

The Panamanian team of 32 rescue workers dressed in orange jumpsuits and helmets and two dogs arrived with seven days’ worth of food, water and supplies and prepared to work around the clock, said Cesar Lange, leader of the Panamanian Civil Protection unit.

The earthquake struck about 150 km (90 miles) southeast of Mexico City on Tuesday afternoon, shattering glass, shearing off sides of buildings and leaving others in dusty piles of destruction.

It came on the same date as a 1985 tremor that killed thousands and still resonates in Mexico. Annual September 19 earthquake drills were being held a few hours before the nation got rocked once again.

Mexico was still recovering from another powerful quake less than two weeks ago that killed nearly 100 people in the south of the country.

The epicenter was a mere 31 km (32 miles) beneath the surface, sending major shockwaves through the metropolitan area of some 20 million people. Much of the capital is built upon an ancient lake bed that shakes like jelly during a quake.--------------------------------------------------------------http://www.reuters.com/article/businessNews/idARAKCN1BW1MP--------------------------------------------------------------http://www.reuters.com/article/businessNews/idRUKCN1BW16B-ORUBS--------------------------------------------------------------http://www.reuters.com/article/topNews/idITKCN1BW1VV-OITTPIl presidente dell'Iran Hassan Rouhani oggi all'assemblea generale dell'Onu a New York.
REUTERS/Stephanie KeithBEIRUT (Reuters) - Il presidente iraniano ha detto che l‘accordo nucleare con le potenze mondiali non può essere rinegoziato dopo che l‘amministrazione americana ha fatto sapere di stare valutando se l‘intesa rispetti gli interessi sulla sicurezza Usa.
In base all‘accordo del 2015, l‘Iran ha acconsentito a limitare il suo programma nucleare in cambio di un ammorbidimento delle sanzioni economiche.
“Alcuni sostengono che l‘accordo nucleare non sia poi così male ma che tuttavia debba essere modificato.
Abbiamo detto loro chiaramente e in modo definitivo che l‘intesa non può essere rinegoziata”, ha detto il presidente iraniano Hassan Rouhani durante una conferenza stampa a Teheran al suo ritorno dall‘assemblea generale Onu.Il presidente dell'Iran Hassan Rouhani oggi all'assemblea generale dell'Onu a New York. REUTERS/Stephanie Keith

BEIRUT (Reuters) - Il presidente iraniano ha detto che l‘accordo nucleare con le potenze mondiali non può essere rinegoziato dopo che l‘amministrazione americana ha fatto sapere di stare valutando se l‘intesa rispetti gli interessi sulla sicurezza Usa.

In base all‘accordo del 2015, l‘Iran ha acconsentito a limitare il suo programma nucleare in cambio di un ammorbidimento delle sanzioni economiche. Qualche giorno fa, nel suo primo discorso alle Nazioni unite, il presidente americano Donald Trump ha definito l‘accordo “fonte di imbarazzo”.

“Alcuni sostengono che l‘accordo nucleare non sia poi così male ma che tuttavia debba essere modificato. Abbiamo detto loro chiaramente e in modo definitivo che l‘intesa non può essere rinegoziata”, ha detto il presidente iraniano Hassan Rouhani durante una conferenza stampa a Teheran al suo ritorno dall‘assemblea generale Onu.

Trump ha detto ai cronisti questa settimana di aver preso una decisione sull‘accordo, approvato dal suo predecessore Barack Obama assieme ai leader di Russia, Cina, Gran Bretagna, Francia e Germania, ma non ha chiarito quale sia la decisione presa.

Sul sito www.reuters.it le altre notizie Reuters in italiano. Le top news anche su www.twitter.com/reuters_italia--------------------------------------------------------------https://www.reuters.tv/v/VTe/2017/09/21/islamists-lure-filipino-youngsters-with-cash-and-promisesTranscript>>'s been nearly four months since Islamic state loyalist slayed siege to Marawi City in the Southern Philippines.
But after just six days of fighting for the Muslim rebels, 17- year-old Jalil knew it was time to escape.
He's been talking to Reuters about his experience.>> The rebel chief was holding a man's head.
>> Reuters has learned that it costs just two US dollars a day to lure young new recruits to training camps.
The military says it's found that some displaced children idolize the militants.Transcript

>>

's been nearly four months since Islamic state loyalist slayed siege to Marawi City in the Southern Philippines. Ransacking, churches and homes, shooting civilians, and taking people hostage. But after just six days of fighting for the Muslim rebels, 17- year-old Jalil knew it was time to escape.

He's been talking to Reuters about his experience.>> The rebel chief was holding a man's head. He was shouting Allahu Akbar and fellow fighters chanted with him. At that point, I realized I had to get away, I wanted no part in this.>> He's one of hundreds of young Muslims to have been reeled into the ranks of local militants.

And as Reuters' Martin Petty reports from just outside Marawi, insurgents see young recruits as an easy target.>> This is one of the poorest regions of the country, the militant groups are preying on the poorest, the youngest kids, orphans, children who don't go to school. And bringing them on board with their movement with promises of money, of a beautiful bride and a passage straight to heaven if they're martyred and die in combat.

>> Reuters has learned that it costs just two US dollars a day to lure young new recruits to training camps. Where they learn how to use guns, launch stealth attacks on security forces, and evade checkpoints.>> Marawi.>> Slick propaganda videos are also used to celebrate the militants and sway public opinion, often featuring what appear to be very young members.

The rebel tactics are clearly having an effect. The military says it's found that some displaced children idolize the militants. Now, it's sending in female soldiers to counsel them in evacuation camps.>>

Okay.>>

> In those areas where there were cases of militant recruitment, we show the children films and allow our soldiers to tell them what really happened.--------------------------------------------------------------http://www.reuters.com/article/china-foreign-minister-iran-deal-nuclear-idCNKCS1BW0XZ--------------------------------------------------------------http://www.reuters.com/article/topNews/idITKCN1BW1Z5-OITTP--------------------------------------------------------------http://www.reuters.com/article/us-mexico-quake/mexico-races-to-save-12-year-old-girl-as-quake-toll-hits-237-idUSKCN1BW0YK?il=0Soldiers stand near parts of a collapsed school building during a search for students at the Enrique Rebsamen school after an earthquake in Mexico City, Mexico, September 21, 2017.
At the site, Navy-led rescuers have communicated with the 12-year-old girl, but were still unable to dig her free.
Some 52 buildings collapsed in Mexico City alone and more in the surrounding states.
A paramedic walks towards soldiers during a search for students at the Enrique Rebsamen school after an earthquake in Mexico City, Mexico, September 21, 2017.
AID ARRIVESThe quake killed 102 people in Mexico City and the remaining 135 from five surrounding states, officials said on Wednesday.Soldiers stand near parts of a collapsed school building during a search for students at the Enrique Rebsamen school after an earthquake in Mexico City, Mexico, September 21, 2017. REUTERS/Daniel Becerril

MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - Rescuers labored against the odds as dawn broke on Thursday to save a 12-year-old schoolgirl and other possible survivors trapped beneath crumpled buildings in central Mexico following the country’s deadliest earthquake in 32 years.

More than 50 survivors have been plucked from several disaster sites in Mexico City since Tuesday afternoon’s 7.1-magnitude quake, leading to impassioned choruses of “Yes we can!” from the first responders, volunteers and spectators gathered around the ruins.

At least 237 others have died and 1,900 were injured.

As the chance of survival diminished with each passing hour, officials vowed to continue with search-and-rescue efforts such as the one at a collapsed school in the south of the capital. At the site, Navy-led rescuers have communicated with the 12-year-old girl, but were still unable to dig her free.

Eleven other children were rescued from the Enrique Rebsamen School, where students are aged roughly six to 15. Twenty-one children and four adults there were killed.

Rescuers had earlier seen a hand protruding from the debris and the girl wiggled her fingers when asked if she was still alive, according to broadcaster Televisa, whose cameras had special access to the scene to provide nonstop live coverage.

But some 15 hours into the effort, Admiral Jose Luis Vergara said rescuers could not pinpoint the location of the girl, identified only as Frida Sofia.

“There’s a girl alive in there, we’re pretty sure of that, but we still don’t know how to get to her,” Vergara told Televisa.

“The hours that have passed complicate the chances of finding alive or in good health the person who might be trapped,” he said.

RESCUE EFFORT

As Vergara spoke, a human chain of hard-hatted rescuers removed a large chunk of concrete from the floodlit scene.

Rescuers periodically demanded silence from bystanders to allow them to hear any calls for help.

As with other disaster sites throughout central Mexico, officials have not employed heavy-lifting equipment for fear of crushing survivors. Some 52 buildings collapsed in Mexico City alone and more in the surrounding states.

Throughout the capital, crews were joined by volunteers and bystanders who used dogs, cameras, motion detectors and heat-seeking equipment to detect victims who may still be alive.

Thousands of people have donated food, water, medicine, blankets and other basic items to help relief efforts. Companies provided free services and restaurants delivered food to shelters where thousands of people have sought refuge after their homes were damaged.

A paramedic walks towards soldiers during a search for students at the Enrique Rebsamen school after an earthquake in Mexico City, Mexico, September 21, 2017. REUTERS/Daniel Becerril

“Faced with the force of nature, we are all vulnerable and that is why we all unite when it comes to saving a life or helping a victim,” said President Enrique Pena Nieto, who has declared three days of national mourning. “If anything distinguishes Mexicans, it is our generosity and fraternity.”

Pena Nieto said the priority was to reestablish basic services, conduct a census of damaged structures and rebuild.

The extensive damage to many buildings, some of them relatively new, has raised questions over construction standards that were supposed to have improved in the wake of a devastating 1985 quake.

AID ARRIVES

The quake killed 102 people in Mexico City and the remaining 135 from five surrounding states, officials said on Wednesday.

Slideshow (14 Images)

At least nine Latin American countries pledged search-and-rescue teams or technical assistance, as did the United States, Spain, Japan and Israel, and crews from Panama and El Salvador were already on the job.

The Panamanian team of 32 rescue workers dressed in orange jumpsuits and helmets and two dogs arrived with seven days’ worth of food, water and supplies and prepared to work around the clock, said Cesar Lange, leader of the Panamanian Civil Protection unit.

Leading the volunteer rescue efforts were Mexico City’s own ‘mole’ rescue workers, a search group formed in the wake of the 1985 quake and renowned for their fearless tunneling into damaged buildings to save survivors in disasters around the globe.

Tuesday’s temblor came on the anniversary of the 1985 quake that killed thousands and still resonates in Mexico. Annual Sept. 19 earthquake drills were being held a few hours before the nation got rocked once again.

The quake struck around 150 km (90 miles) southeast of Mexico City on Tuesday afternoon, shattering glass, shearing off the sides of buildings and leaving others in dusty piles of destruction.

Its epicenter was 51 km (32 miles) beneath the surface, sending major shockwaves through the metropolitan area of some 20 million people. Much of the capital is built on an ancient lake bed that trembles like jelly during a quake.

Some residents and volunteers voiced anger that emergency services and military were slow to arrive to poorer southern neighborhoods of the city, and that wealthier districts appeared prioritized.

Mexico was still recovering from another powerful quake less than two weeks ago that killed nearly 100 people in the south of the country.

Both Mexican earthquakes occurred along the Cocos tectonic plate, which skirts the western coast of Mexico and is slowly sliding beneath the North American plate.

(This story corrects quake depth to 51 km from 31 km in paragraph 24)--------------------------------------------------------------http://www.reuters.com/article/us-northkorea-missiles-trump/trump-says-will-be-putting-more-sanctions-on-north-korea-idUSKCN1BW1XH?il=0U.S. President Donald Trump looks up during his meeting with Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas during the U.N. General Assembly in New York, U.S., September 20, 2017.
REUTERS/Kevin LamarqueNEW YORK (Reuters) - President Donald Trump said on Thursday the United States would be adding more sanctions on North Korea.
Tensions have escalated in recent weeks over Pyongyang’s missile and nuclear weapons program, despite intense pressure from world powers.
“We will be putting more sanctions on North Korea,” Trump said in response to a question at a meeting with Afghan president Ashraf Ghani.
On Afghanistan, Trump said the U.S. military was doing more leading than fighting.U.S. President Donald Trump looks up during his meeting with Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas during the U.N. General Assembly in New York, U.S., September 20, 2017. REUTERS/Kevin Lamarque

NEW YORK (Reuters) - President Donald Trump said on Thursday the United States would be adding more sanctions on North Korea.

Tensions have escalated in recent weeks over Pyongyang’s missile and nuclear weapons program, despite intense pressure from world powers.

“We will be putting more sanctions on North Korea,” Trump said in response to a question at a meeting with Afghan president Ashraf Ghani.

On Afghanistan, Trump said the U.S. military was doing more leading than fighting.--------------------------------------------------------------http://www.reuters.com/video/2017/09/15/rohingya-crisis-an-unwanted-arrival?videoId=372540849&videoChannel=118110&channelName=Dateline+AsiaAs the number of Rohingya Muslims fleeing to Bangladesh hits 400,000, Bangladeshi authorities are ordering people not to house member of the Muslim minority, and locals say they want to see them sent home.As the number of Rohingya Muslims fleeing to Bangladesh hits 400,000, Bangladeshi authorities are ordering people not to house member of the Muslim minority, and locals say they want to see them sent home.--------------------------------------------------------------http://www.reuters.com/article/mexico-quake/mexico-searches-for-earthquake-survivors-against-increasing-odds-idINKCN1BW0YMRescue workers and Mexican soldiers take part in a rescue operation at a collapsed building after an earthquake at the Obrera neighborhood in Mexico City, Mexico September 20, 2017.
Rescue workers work at a collapsed building after an earthquake at the Obrera neighborhood in Mexico City, Mexico September 20, 2017.
As with other disaster sites throughout central Mexico, officials dared not employ heavy lifting equipment for fear of crushing anyone below.
Some 52 buildings collapsed in Mexico City alone and more in the surrounding states.
Slideshow (4 Images)The quake killed 102 people in Mexico City and the remaining 135 from five surrounding states, officials said late on Wednesday.Rescue workers and Mexican soldiers take part in a rescue operation at a collapsed building after an earthquake at the Obrera neighborhood in Mexico City, Mexico September 20, 2017. REUTERS/Carlos Jasso

MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - Rescuers labored against long odds into the dawn on Thursday to save a 12-year-old schoolgirl and untold other survivors who may be trapped beneath crumpled buildings in central Mexico following the country’s deadliest earthquake in 32 years.

More than 50 survivors have been plucked from several disaster sites since Tuesday afternoon’s 7.1-magnitude quake, leading to impassioned choruses of “Yes we can!” from the first responders, volunteers and spectators gathered around the ruins.

At least 237 others have died and 1,900 were injured.

As the odds of survival lengthened with each passing hour, officials vowed to continue with search-and-rescue efforts such as the one at a collapsed school in southern Mexico City where Navy-led rescuers could communicate with the 12-year-old girl but were still unable to dig her free.

Eleven other children were rescued from the Enrique Rebsamen School, where the students are aged roughly six to 15 but 21 students and four adults there were killed.

Rescuers previously had seen a hand protruding from the debris and the girl wiggled her fingers when asked if she was still alive, according to broadcaster Televisa, whose cameras and reporters had special access to the scene to provide nonstop live coverage.

But some 15 hours into the effort, Admiral Jose Luis Vergara said rescuers still could not pinpoint her location.

“There’s a girl alive in there, we’re pretty sure of that, but we still don’t know how to get to her,” Vergara told Televisa.

“The hours that have passed complicate the chances of finding alive or in good health the person who might be trapped,” he said.

As Vergara spoke, a human chain of hard-hatted rescuers removed a large chunk of concrete from the floodlit scene.

Rescue workers work at a collapsed building after an earthquake at the Obrera neighborhood in Mexico City, Mexico September 20, 2017. REUTERS/Carlos Jasso TPX IMAGES OF THE DAY

Rescuers periodically demanded “total silence” from bystanders, who would freeze in place and stay quiet to better hear any calls for help.

As with other disaster sites throughout central Mexico, officials dared not employ heavy lifting equipment for fear of crushing anyone below.

Throughout the capital, crews were joined by volunteers and bystanders who used dogs, cameras, motion detectors and heat-seeking equipment to detect victims who may still be alive.

Some 52 buildings collapsed in Mexico City alone and more in the surrounding states.

Slideshow (4 Images)

The quake killed 102 people in Mexico City and the remaining 135 from five surrounding states, officials said late on Wednesday.

At least nine Latin American countries pledged to rush in search-and-rescue teams or technical assistance, with crews from Panama and El Salvador already on the job, as did the United States, Spain, Japan and Israel.

The Panamanian team of 32 rescue workers dressed in orange jumpsuits and helmets and two dogs arrived with seven days’ worth of food, water and supplies and prepared to work around the clock, said Cesar Lange, leader of the Panamanian Civil Protection unit.

The earthquake struck about 150 km (90 miles) southeast of Mexico City on Tuesday afternoon, shattering glass, shearing off sides of buildings and leaving others in dusty piles of destruction.

It came on the same date as a 1985 tremor that killed thousands and still resonates in Mexico. Annual September 19 earthquake drills were being held a few hours before the nation got rocked once again.

Mexico was still recovering from another powerful quake less than two weeks ago that killed nearly 100 people in the south of the country.

The epicenter was a mere 31 km (32 miles) beneath the surface, sending major shockwaves through the metropolitan area of some 20 million people. Much of the capital is built upon an ancient lake bed that shakes like jelly during a quake.--------------------------------------------------------------http://www.reuters.com/video/2017/09/20/rouhani-slams-trumps-un-speech-as-ignora?videoId=372576414&videoChannel=1003ROUGH CUT (NO REPORTER NARRATION) Iranian President Hassan Rouhani criticized President Trump's U.N. speech and said that Iran would not be intimidated by threats as the country promised to stick with the 2015 nuclear pact.
"I declare before you that the Islamic Republic of Iran will not be the first country to violate the agreement," Rouhani said on Wednesday at the United Nations.
He said Iran would respond "decisively and resolutely" to a violation of the accord by any party.
Trump said on Wednesday that he had made his decision on whether the United States will remain in the 2015 Iran nuclear pact but declined to reveal it as Iran vowed not to be the first to violate the accord.
In a pugnacious speech on Tuesday at the U.N. General Assembly, Trump described the deal as "an embarrassment" and accused Iran of exporting "violence, bloodshed and chaos."ROUGH CUT (NO REPORTER NARRATION) Iranian President Hassan Rouhani criticized President Trump's U.N. speech and said that Iran would not be intimidated by threats as the country promised to stick with the 2015 nuclear pact. "I declare before you that the Islamic Republic of Iran will not be the first country to violate the agreement," Rouhani said on Wednesday at the United Nations. He said Iran would respond "decisively and resolutely" to a violation of the accord by any party. "It will be a great pity if this agreement were to be destroyed by 'rogue' newcomers to the world of politics: the world will have lost a great opportunity," Rouhani said in a slight to businessman Trump, who on Tuesday described Iran as a "rogue" state. Trump said on Wednesday that he had made his decision on whether the United States will remain in the 2015 Iran nuclear pact but declined to reveal it as Iran vowed not to be the first to violate the accord. "I have decided," Trump told reporters when asked if he had made up his mind after having criticized the accord between Iran and world powers under which Tehran agreed to curb its nuclear program in return for relief from economic sanctions. In a pugnacious speech on Tuesday at the U.N. General Assembly, Trump described the deal as "an embarrassment" and accused Iran of exporting "violence, bloodshed and chaos."--------------------------------------------------------------http://www.reuters.com/video/2017/09/19/helicopter-mistakenly-fires-on-parked-ve?videoId=372564894&videoChannel=118169&channelName=Editors%27+PicksA military helicopter on a training exercise in western Russia mistakenly fired rockets at a group of parked vehicles, knocking at least one person to the ground, footage posted by Russian news sites and on social media showed.
A man in civilian clothes who had been standing close to the truck was engulfed in a cloud of dust.
Russia is currently staging the "Zapad 2017" war games in the area, major exercises on NATO's eastern flank that were inspected on Monday (September 18) by Russian President Vladimir Putin.
The Russian Defence Ministry's western military district, in a statement cited by Interfax news agency, said that during a training exercise a helicopter's targeting system had mistakenly acquired a target, but denied anyone had been injured.
The representative cited by Interfax did not say when the incident happened, or where, or if the exercise was part of the "Zapad-2017" war games.ROUGH CUT. NO REPORTER NARRATION. A military helicopter on a training exercise in western Russia mistakenly fired rockets at a group of parked vehicles, knocking at least one person to the ground, footage posted by Russian news sites and on social media showed. A man in civilian clothes who had been standing close to the truck was engulfed in a cloud of dust. The person filming the clip, who was slightly further away, could be seen sprawled on the ground. Independent news site Fontanka.ru said one of the people was left with concussion but did not give details on the source of the video. Russia is currently staging the "Zapad 2017" war games in the area, major exercises on NATO's eastern flank that were inspected on Monday (September 18) by Russian President Vladimir Putin. A second video from the same location, which was posted on social media showed the aftermath, including a smashed window in a white jeep nearest to the truck, and shrapnel damage to the military truck. Reuters could not independently verify the videos. The Russian Defence Ministry's western military district, in a statement cited by Interfax news agency, said that during a training exercise a helicopter's targeting system had mistakenly acquired a target, but denied anyone had been injured. The representative cited by Interfax did not say when the incident happened, or where, or if the exercise was part of the "Zapad-2017" war games.--------------------------------------------------------------http://www.reuters.com/article/emma-stone-billie-jean-king-idJPKCN1BW0EQ--------------------------------------------------------------http://www.reuters.com/article/businessNews/idLTAKCN1BW217-OUSLB--------------------------------------------------------------http://www.reuters.com/article/us-safrica-politics/anti-zuma-mp-quits-south-africas-corrupt-anc-idUSKCN1BW1YD?il=0JOHANNESBURG (Reuters) - African National Congress (ANC) MP Makhosi Khoza, a strident critic of scandal-plagued President Jacob Zuma, quit South Africa’s ruling party on Thursday, labeling Nelson Mandela’s 105-year-old liberation movement “alien and corrupt”.
We are making a mockery of the ANC constitution,” Khoza said in an interview on the SABC, the state broadcaster.
The ANC was not immediately available for comment.
She predicted that more would follow in her footsteps and hoped it would reverse the decline that has set in the so-called Rainbow Nation under Zuma.
“We can’t have South Africa going the same route as every failed state in Africa,” she said.JOHANNESBURG (Reuters) - African National Congress (ANC) MP Makhosi Khoza, a strident critic of scandal-plagued President Jacob Zuma, quit South Africa’s ruling party on Thursday, labeling Nelson Mandela’s 105-year-old liberation movement “alien and corrupt”.

The 47-year-old Zulu linguistics expert, an ANC supporter since the age of 12, denounced Zuma in July as a “dishonorable and disgraceful leader” due to the litany of scandals he has attracted during his eight years in power.

Her comments earned her death threats and a provincial party disciplinary hearing, but Khoza said she was not prepared to sit around and wait for its verdict, saying the decision to go after her, and not Zuma, was the final straw.

“Why haven’t we charged Zuma? Why are we charging Makhosi Khoza? We are making a mockery of the rule of law. We are making a mockery of the ANC constitution,” Khoza said in an interview on the SABC, the state broadcaster.

“Charge Zuma. Fire Zuma from the ANC, then I will know that you are serious about self-correcting.”

Khoza is believed to have been one of around 30 ANC members of parliament who voted against Zuma in an ultimately unsuccessful Aug. 8 parliamentary no-confidence vote conducted by secret ballot.

The ANC was not immediately available for comment.

The most serious allegations against Zuma relate to his friendship with the Guptas, a family of Indian-born businessmen accused of using political influence to secure lucrative contracts with state-run companies.

Zuma and the Guptas, who employ Zuma’s son, Duduzane, as a director of at least one of their companies, have denied any wrongdoing and say they are the victims of a politically motivated witch-hunt.

Several other high-profile ANC MPs, including former deputy finance minister Mcebisi Jonas and three former ministers ousted in a cabinet reshuffle this year, have resigned from parliament but not torn up their party cards, as Khoza has done.

She predicted that more would follow in her footsteps and hoped it would reverse the decline that has set in the so-called Rainbow Nation under Zuma.

“We can’t have South Africa going the same route as every failed state in Africa,” she said.

Zuma’s time at the helm of the ANC comes to an end in December when the party chooses a new leader, although he will remain head of state until the expiry of his second and final term in early 2019 unless the ANC removes him, as it did to President Thabo Mbeki in 2008.

As Khoza departed, Zuma’s former wife, Nkosazana Dlamini-Zuma was sworn in as a member of parliament, cementing the belief that she is his preferred successor against challengers les by Deputy President Cyril Ramaphosa.

The parliamentary seat gives Dlamini-Zuma, the former chairwoman of the African Union Commission in Addis Ababa, a platform from which to raise her profile ahead of a party leadership conference in December.--------------------------------------------------------------http://www.reuters.com/article/global-oil/oil-prices-slip-ahead-of-opec-meeting-idINKCN1BV023?il=0“The bull run in the oil market is running out of steam as unease builds ahead of tomorrow’s OPEC/non-OPEC meeting,” said Stephen Brennock, analyst at London brokerage PVM Oil Associates.
U.S. commercial crude stocks C-STK-T-EIA rose for a third week, building by 4.6 million barrels in the week ending Sept. 15 to 472.83 million barrels.
[EIA/S]U.S. production has reached 9.51 million bpd, up from 8.78 million bpd after Hurricane Harvey hit the U.S. Gulf.
C-OUT-T-EIAU.S. crude received some support from a strong draw in gasoline stocks by 2.1 million barrels to 216.19 million barrels, traders said.
aUSEIAGSThe structure of oil futures prices suggests OPEC production cuts are beginning to have an impact, analysts say.The Philadelphia Energy Solutions oil refinery owned by The Carlyle Group is seen at sunset in Philadelphia March 26, 2014. Picture taken March 26, 2014. REUTERS/David M. Parrott/File Photo

LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices slipped on Thursday, giving up some recent gains before a meeting of oil producers that could extend production limits aimed at clearing a glut in supplies that has depressed the market for more than three years.

Ministers from the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries, Russia and other producers meet in Vienna on Friday and are due to consider extending output cuts that began in January.

OPEC and its allies have agreed to reduce output by about 1.8 million barrels per day (bpd) until March 2018 in an attempt to empty inventories. Many analysts now expect them to extend the deal, possibly to the end of next year.

“The bull run in the oil market is running out of steam as unease builds ahead of tomorrow’s OPEC/non-OPEC meeting,” said Stephen Brennock, analyst at London brokerage PVM Oil Associates.

“The (oil futures) contracts have performed well in recent sessions but are struggling for traction,” Brennock added.

Brent crude oil LCOc1 was down 35 cents at $55.94 a barrel by 1355 GMT. U.S. light crude was 40 cents lower at $50.29.

Both contracts have risen more than 15 percent over the last three months as global oil supply has tightened.

OPEC’s efforts have been hampered by higher production in some other parts of the world, including the United States, where shale production is reaching record highs.

Hurricanes in the Gulf of Mexico have also pushed up crude inventories in some parts of the United States as refineries have been shut by flooding.

U.S. commercial crude stocks C-STK-T-EIA rose for a third week, building by 4.6 million barrels in the week ending Sept. 15 to 472.83 million barrels. [EIA/S]

U.S. production has reached 9.51 million bpd, up from 8.78 million bpd after Hurricane Harvey hit the U.S. Gulf. C-OUT-T-EIA

U.S. crude received some support from a strong draw in gasoline stocks by 2.1 million barrels to 216.19 million barrels, traders said. aUSEIAGS

The structure of oil futures prices suggests OPEC production cuts are beginning to have an impact, analysts say.

Front-month Brent futures have risen sharply in recent months, much more than forward prices. This has changed the Brent price curve <0#LCO:>, moving it into what traders call “backwardation”, when prices for immediate delivery are higher than prices for later barrels.

The shift is seen as an indicator of a tightening market as it encourages the immediate sale of oil rather than holding it in storage.--------------------------------------------------------------http://www.reuters.com/video/2017/09/20/internet-giants-face-europes-glare-over?videoId=372571602&videoChannel=118169Facebook, Twitter, Microsoft, and Google are all in attendance at the gathering in New York.
That according to the British government, which says the two hour period is when the content is spread the furthest.
And Twitter has said it purged almost 300,000 extremist accounts in the first half this year, although it's a 20 percent decline from prior six months.
The Italian prime minister, Paolo Gentiloni will also join May and Macron.
The wave of recent attacks in Europe has so far spared Italy, but a significant number of arrests and investigations have been linked to the country.The leaders of some of the European countries hardest hit by recent militant attacks will use the setting of this week's U.N. general assembly to tell internet giants that their efforts to combat extremism online aren't enough. Facebook, Twitter, Microsoft, and Google are all in attendance at the gathering in New York. Where Britain's Prime Minister Theresa May and French President Emmanuel Macron will tell them on the sidelines that they need to isolate and remove what they call "terrorist content" from their platforms within two hours of its first appearance. That according to the British government, which says the two hour period is when the content is spread the furthest. It's not clear exactly what the leaders will do if the corporations don't comply. But the European Union has already threatened legislation if they don't step up. Pressure from Europe and the United States pushed some of these firms into creating a joint forum between them to explore the issue last June. And Twitter has said it purged almost 300,000 extremist accounts in the first half this year, although it's a 20 percent decline from prior six months. The Italian prime minister, Paolo Gentiloni will also join May and Macron. The wave of recent attacks in Europe has so far spared Italy, but a significant number of arrests and investigations have been linked to the country.--------------------------------------------------------------http://www.reuters.com/article/businessNews/idARL2N1M11CJCyber RiskDistrustful U.S. allies force NSA to back down in encryption fightCyber Risk

Distrustful U.S. allies force NSA to back down in encryption fight--------------------------------------------------------------http://www.reuters.com/article/uk-sec-intrusion/u-s-sec-says-hackers-may-have-traded-using-stolen-insider-information-idUKKCN1BW0A4WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The top U.S. markets regulator said on Wednesday that hackers accessed its corporate disclosure database and may have illegally profited by trading on the insider information stolen.
The SEC hosts large volumes of sensitive and confidential information that could be used for insider-trading or manipulating U.S. equity markets.
It also raises questions about whether there were weak spots within the SEC, an institution tasked with protecting investors and financial markets, that allowed the hackers in.
Cyber criminals have targeted financial information hubs before -- the Hong Kong stock exchange and the Nasdaq stock exchange in New York were targeted by hackers in 2011.
The SEC has scored some victories in tackling cyber criminals in recent years.WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The top U.S. markets regulator said on Wednesday that hackers accessed its corporate disclosure database and may have illegally profited by trading on the insider information stolen.

The Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) said the hack occurred in 2016 but that it had only discovered last month that the cyber criminals may have used the information to make illicit trades.

The hackers exploited a software glitch in the test filing component of the system to gain access to non-public information, the agency said.

The SEC hosts large volumes of sensitive and confidential information that could be used for insider-trading or manipulating U.S. equity markets. Its EDGAR database houses millions of filings on corporate disclosures ranging from quarterly earnings to statements on mergers and acquisitions.

Although the SEC “promptly” patched the vulnerability after detecting it in 2016, the regulator only became aware last month that the glitch “may have provided the basis for illicit gain through trading”, it said.

“It is believed the intrusion did not result in unauthorized access to personally identifiable information, jeopardize the operations of the Commission, or result in systemic risk,” the SEC said, adding that it was also liaising with the relevant authorities without naming them.

The incident comes just weeks after Equifax Inc, a major U.S. consumer credit reporting agency, disclosed that hackers had stolen data on more than 143 million customers and underscores the threat cyber criminals pose to the integrity of the financial markets.

It also raises questions about whether there were weak spots within the SEC, an institution tasked with protecting investors and financial markets, that allowed the hackers in.

In July, months after the breach was detected, a congressional watchdog office warned that the Wall Street regulator was “at unnecessary risk of compromise” because of deficiencies in its information systems.

The 27-page report by the Government Accountability Office found the SEC did not always fully encrypt sensitive information, used unsupported software, failed to fully implement an intrusion detection system and made missteps in how it configured its firewalls, among other things.

Cyber criminals have targeted financial information hubs before -- the Hong Kong stock exchange and the Nasdaq stock exchange in New York were targeted by hackers in 2011.

But the breach at the SEC is particularly egregious because its new boss, Jay Clayton, has made tackling cyber crime one of the top enforcement issues during his tenure.

It also puts the agency under a spotlight over why the 2016 breach was not disclosed earlier. Securities industry rules require companies to disclose cyber breaches to investors and the SEC has investigated firms over whether they should have reported incidents sooner.

The SEC has scored some victories in tackling cyber criminals in recent years. Two years ago it charged a group of mainly U.S.-based stock traders and computer hackers in Ukraine with the theft of thousands of corporate press statements ahead of their public release, resulting in more than $100 million in illegal profit.--------------------------------------------------------------http://www.reuters.com/article/us-jobless-claim-0921-idJPKCN1BW21F--------------------------------------------------------------http://www.reuters.com/article/australia-cenbank-rate-direction-0921-th-idCNKCS1BW0OZ?il=0--------------------------------------------------------------http://www.reuters.com/video/2017/09/21/exclusive-africa-to-get-state-of-art-hiv?videoId=372581879&videoChannel=75A new deal will see two companies provide state-of-the-art AIDS drugs to poor African countries at just $75 per patient for a year's supply.A new deal will see two companies provide state-of-the-art AIDS drugs to poor African countries at just $75 per patient for a year's supply.--------------------------------------------------------------http://www.reuters.com/article/worldNews/idBRKCN1BW1YZ-OBRWDNOVA YORK (Reuters) - O presidente norte-americano, Donald Trump, disse nesta quinta-feira que os Estados Unidos vão impor mais sanções contra a Coreia do Norte.
As tensões sobre os programas nuclear e de míssil de Pyongyang aumentaram nas últimas semanas, apesar de intensa pressão de potenciais mundiais.
“Nós iremos impor mais sanções sobre a Coreia do Norte”, disse Trump, em resposta a uma pergunta, durante reunião com o presidente do Afeganistão, Ashraf Ghani.
Sobre o Afeganistão, Trump disse que as forças armadas norte-americanas estão exercendo um papel mais de comando do que de combate.NOVA YORK (Reuters) - O presidente norte-americano, Donald Trump, disse nesta quinta-feira que os Estados Unidos vão impor mais sanções contra a Coreia do Norte.

As tensões sobre os programas nuclear e de míssil de Pyongyang aumentaram nas últimas semanas, apesar de intensa pressão de potenciais mundiais.

“Nós iremos impor mais sanções sobre a Coreia do Norte”, disse Trump, em resposta a uma pergunta, durante reunião com o presidente do Afeganistão, Ashraf Ghani.

Sobre o Afeganistão, Trump disse que as forças armadas norte-americanas estão exercendo um papel mais de comando do que de combate.--------------------------------------------------------------http://www.reuters.com/video/2017/09/14/autonomous-armed-robot-tanks-displayed-i?videoId=372531667&videoChannel=118065&channelName=Moments+of+InnovationThis unmanned ground vehicle - or UGV - is a fully functioning robot that can operate autonomously.
It's flying relative the UAV is now a fixture in most military arsenals and the UGV is coming - says German defence manufacturer Rheinmetall.
SOUNDBITE (English) ALAIN TREMBLAY, RHEINMETALL'S VP OF BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT "In the mid-90s only half a dozen of nations really used UAVs in the battle space.
The Multi Mission Unmanned Ground Vehicle or MMUGV is yet to be given a snappy name - but it's already selling.... with weapons, surveillance and cargo versions on offer.
And that's the challenge that the military forces are facing with any new technology.This unmanned ground vehicle - or UGV - is a fully functioning robot that can operate autonomously. It's flying relative the UAV is now a fixture in most military arsenals and the UGV is coming - says German defence manufacturer Rheinmetall. SOUNDBITE (English) ALAIN TREMBLAY, RHEINMETALL'S VP OF BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT "In the mid-90s only half a dozen of nations really used UAVs in the battle space. Today everybody is flying different kinds, different models, different size of unmanned air vehicles and the trend on the land domain is becoming very, very serious just like you see a level of semi-autonomous coming in industry and commercial car business and the military is no different." The Multi Mission Unmanned Ground Vehicle or MMUGV is yet to be given a snappy name - but it's already selling.... with weapons, surveillance and cargo versions on offer. SOUNDBITE (English) ALAIN TREMBLAY, RHEINMETALL'S VP OF BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT "We see this as a force multiplier either in a weaponised version, allowing you to bring much heavier weapons up front with the dismounted troops or with a surveillance version providing you a high level of sustained, good quality surveillance, long range, or basically a pure cargo version just to help you carry heavy equipment around the battle space." The Campaign to Stop Killer Robots say machines that can kill without human intervention cross a moral and ethical line but it's a line that was crossed when drones were armed, according to Alain Tremblay SOUNDBITE (English) ALAIN TREMBLAY, RHEINMETALL'S VP OF BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT "I don't think that you're going to get into a Star Wars game of robots against robots in the battle space but the technology to go there is all there. And that's the challenge that the military forces are facing with any new technology. How do I take that technology and make it add value to my concept of operation, my modus operandi, and how I want to wage war in the 21st Century? And it's not an easy answer, not an easy answer whatsoever." The MMUGV base module costs around half a million dollars.--------------------------------------------------------------http://www.reuters.com/article/businessNews/idITKCN1BW1XN-OITBSMILANO (Reuters) - Entro fine anno Banca Mediolanum deciderà se diventare banca d‘affari assumendo 4-5 professionisti o facendo una piccola acquisizione.
Lo ha detto l‘AD Massimo Doris a margine della convention annuale della banca, precisando che il potenziale target avrà dimensioni inferiori a quelle di un intermediario come Equita.
“Ci stiamo proponendo come banca d‘affari per le Pmi... ci sarà un aumento continuo delle imprese che fanno ricorso al mercato dei capitali”, ha detto Doris.
“Oltre il 40% delle imprese quotate all‘Aim hanno sede in Lombardia perché la finanza sta a Milano”, ha detto Doris.
“Noi siamo presenti su tutto il territorio nazionale, il family banker può essere un anello di congiunzione”.MILANO (Reuters) - Entro fine anno Banca Mediolanum deciderà se diventare banca d‘affari assumendo 4-5 professionisti o facendo una piccola acquisizione.

Lo ha detto l‘AD Massimo Doris a margine della convention annuale della banca, precisando che il potenziale target avrà dimensioni inferiori a quelle di un intermediario come Equita.

Doris è convinto che l‘afflusso di capitali sui mercati finanziari, in arrivo con i piani individuali di risparmio (Pir), renda più interessante per le piccole e medie imprese la quotazione in borsa e l‘emissione di debito. Per spiegare questo a luglio ha incontrato imprenditori a Vicenza e Bergamo, riscuotendo l‘interesse di 8 società all‘Ipo.

“Ci stiamo proponendo come banca d‘affari per le Pmi... ci sarà un aumento continuo delle imprese che fanno ricorso al mercato dei capitali”, ha detto Doris.

L‘idea è anche quella di fare leva sulla rete di “family banker” diffusa in tutta Italia.

“Oltre il 40% delle imprese quotate all‘Aim hanno sede in Lombardia perché la finanza sta a Milano”, ha detto Doris. “Noi siamo presenti su tutto il territorio nazionale, il family banker può essere un anello di congiunzione”.

Il manager ha infine confermato l‘obiettivo di raccogliere con i “Pir” 3 miliardi a fine gennaio 2018 e ha parlato di un settembre “discreto” dal punto della raccolta nonostante la debolezza del dollaro.

(Maria Pia Quaglia)

Sul sito www.reuters.com altre notizie Reuters in italiano. Le top news anche su www.twitter.com/reuters_italia--------------------------------------------------------------http://www.reuters.com/article/us-sec-intrusion/sec-says-hackers-may-have-traded-using-stolen-insider-information-idUSKCN1BW029FILE PHOTO: The headquarters of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) are seen in Washington,U.S., on July 6, 2009.
The Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) said the hack occurred in 2016 but that it had only discovered last month that the cyber criminals may have used the information to make illicit trades.
The SEC hosts large volumes of sensitive and confidential information that could be used for insider-trading or manipulating U.S. equity markets.
Cyber criminals have targeted financial information hubs before -- the Hong Kong stock exchange and the Nasdaq stock exchange in New York were targeted by hackers in 2011.
The SEC has scored some victories in tackling cyber criminals in recent years.FILE PHOTO: The headquarters of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) are seen in Washington,U.S., on July 6, 2009. REUTERS/Jim Bourg/File Photo

WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The top U.S. markets regulator said on Wednesday that hackers accessed its corporate disclosure database and may have illegally profited by trading on the insider information stolen.

The Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) said the hack occurred in 2016 but that it had only discovered last month that the cyber criminals may have used the information to make illicit trades.

The hackers exploited a software glitch in the test filing component of the system to gain access to non-public information, the agency said.

The SEC hosts large volumes of sensitive and confidential information that could be used for insider-trading or manipulating U.S. equity markets. Its EDGAR database houses millions of filings on corporate disclosures ranging from quarterly earnings to statements on mergers and acquisitions.

Although the SEC “promptly” patched the vulnerability after detecting it in 2016, the regulator only became aware last month that the glitch “may have provided the basis for illicit gain through trading”, it said.

“It is believed the intrusion did not result in unauthorized access to personally identifiable information, jeopardize the operations of the Commission, or result in systemic risk,” the SEC said, adding that it was also liaising with the relevant authorities without naming them.

The incident comes just weeks after Equifax Inc (EFX.N), a major U.S. consumer credit reporting agency, disclosed that hackers had stolen data on more than 143 million customers and underscores the threat cyber criminals pose to the integrity of the financial markets.

FILE PHOTO - The seal of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission hangs on the wall at SEC headquarters in Washington, DC, U.S. on June 24, 2011. REUTERS/Jonathan Ernst/File Photo

It also raises questions about whether there were weak spots within the SEC, an institution tasked with protecting investors and financial markets, that allowed the hackers in.

In July, months after the breach was detected, a congressional watchdog office warned that the Wall Street regulator was “at unnecessary risk of compromise” because of deficiencies in its information systems.

Slideshow (2 Images)

The 27-page report by the Government Accountability Office found the SEC did not always fully encrypt sensitive information, used unsupported software, failed to fully implement an intrusion detection system and made missteps in how it configured its firewalls, among other things.

Cyber criminals have targeted financial information hubs before -- the Hong Kong stock exchange and the Nasdaq stock exchange in New York were targeted by hackers in 2011.

But the breach at the SEC is particularly egregious because its new boss, Jay Clayton, has made tackling cyber crime one of the top enforcement issues during his tenure.

It also puts the agency under a spotlight over why the 2016 breach was not disclosed earlier. Securities industry rules require companies to disclose cyber breaches to investors and the SEC has investigated firms over whether they should have reported incidents sooner.

The SEC has scored some victories in tackling cyber criminals in recent years. Two years ago it charged a group of mainly U.S.-based stock traders and computer hackers in Ukraine with the theft of thousands of corporate press statements ahead of their public release, resulting in more than $100 million in illegal profit.--------------------------------------------------------------http://www.reuters.com/video/2017/09/19/dont-need-to-kill-animals-to-wear-nice-c?videoId=372565879&videoChannel=3&channelName=EntertainmentCelebrated British designer Julien Macdonald displayed his Spring/Summer 2018 collection in London on Monday (September 18).
Macdonald unveiled a range with a 'parallel universe' concept.
The spring-like collection was made up of green and cobalt outfits shown to a packed audience at the Bankside Vaults, near London Bridge.
Inspired by an Amazonian rain forest trip, the fashion designer also used foliage motifs.
London Fashion Weeks runs until Tuesday (September 19).ROUGH CUT. NO REPORTER NARRATION. Celebrated British designer Julien Macdonald displayed his Spring/Summer 2018 collection in London on Monday (September 18). The show came with a surprise appearance from former Brazilian model Alessandra Ambrosio, while Macdonald explained his regrets on using animal fur in the past. Macdonald unveiled a range with a 'parallel universe' concept. The spring-like collection was made up of green and cobalt outfits shown to a packed audience at the Bankside Vaults, near London Bridge. Inspired by an Amazonian rain forest trip, the fashion designer also used foliage motifs. London Fashion Weeks runs until Tuesday (September 19).--------------------------------------------------------------http://www.reuters.com/article/topNews/idAFKCN1BW0R0-OZATPOpposition supporters take part during a protest calling for the immediate resignation of President Faure Gnassingbe in Lome, Togo, September 20, 2017.
REUTERS/StringerLOME (Reuters) - Security forces in Togo used batons, tear gas and live bullets against protesters seeking an end to President Faure Gnassingbe’s rule on Wednesday and a child was killed in the ensuing clashes, according to Amnesty International.
“There was a 9-year-old boy killed in Mango by military forces.
Security Minister Damehame Yark confirmed that a child had been shot dead in Mango, hundreds of kilometres north of the capital Lome, but blamed the PNP opposition party.
Main opposition leader Jean-Pierre Fabre marches during a protest calling for the immediate resignation of President Faure Gnassingbe in Lome, Togo, September 20, 2017.Opposition supporters take part during a protest calling for the immediate resignation of President Faure Gnassingbe in Lome, Togo, September 20, 2017. REUTERS/Stringer

LOME (Reuters) - Security forces in Togo used batons, tear gas and live bullets against protesters seeking an end to President Faure Gnassingbe’s rule on Wednesday and a child was killed in the ensuing clashes, according to Amnesty International.

Tensions are mounting over the president’s tenure and thousands marched nationwide against government reforms announced on Tuesday which they say will allow the Gnassingbe family dynasty to run the West African country until 2030.

“There was a 9-year-old boy killed in Mango by military forces. He was shot in the head,” said Francois Patuel, of Amnesty International, citing local sources including family members. Security Minister Damehame Yark confirmed that a child had been shot dead in Mango, hundreds of kilometres north of the capital Lome, but blamed the PNP opposition party.

Riots also broke out in the northern city of Bafilo between protesters against Gnassingbe and his supporters, injuring several, opposition leader Jean-Pierre Fabre said at the end of a peaceful march in Lome.

The former French colony of 8 million people that is home to several large firms, including Ecobank and regional airline ASKY, has a history of violent political repression.

Main opposition leader Jean-Pierre Fabre marches during a protest calling for the immediate resignation of President Faure Gnassingbe in Lome, Togo, September 20, 2017. REUTERS/Stringer

Hundreds were killed in the aftermath of Gnassingbe’s contested election win in 2005. Shortly afterward, he pledged to re-introduce the term limits his father scrapped and align Togo with most of its West African neighbors, which are bucking a trend toward life-long presidencies elsewhere on the continent.

Gnassingbe, now in his third term, dropped the reforms until parliament this week attempted to cap future presidencies to two terms of five years, but the bill did not get enough backing due to an opposition boycott and will be decided by referendum instead.

Slideshow (2 Images)

In Lome, people wearing the red and orange T-shirts of the opposition banged on tam-tams and sang a traditional battle song “Strength to the Great” in the local Ewe language. Others carried a giant banner saying: “People of Togo say No! 50 years is enough!”

“The referendum is not what we want. We are asking for the president to leave,” said 42-year-old Paulin Kossi.

Nearby, a large crowd gathered on a beachside boulevard to show their support for the UNIR ruling party while a motorcycle parade bearing flags with Gnassingbe’s snaked through the streets, flanked by a police escort.

Residents also complained of internet cuts - a method increasingly used by governments to stifle criticism at sensitive times. Protests both against and in support of the president are set to resume on Thursday.--------------------------------------------------------------http://www.reuters.com/video/2017/09/19/kingsman-the-golden-circle-world-premier?videoId=372566917&videoChannel=3&channelName=EntertainmentSir Elton John, with an injured director Matthew Vaughn, was driven down the orange carpet at the world premiere of "Kingsman: The Golden Circle" in London.
(SOUNDBITE) (English) ACTOR, CHANNING TATUM [RIGHT], JENNA DEWAN [LEFT] SAYING: CHANNING TATUM: "Oh my god, kidding me.
'Kingsman: The Golden Circle' touches on the morality of drug use and the criminalization of banned substances, an issue director Matthew Vaughn said should be discussed.
I don't know, I don't know the answer but I think that's a proper debate," he said.
'Kingsman: The Golden Circle" is set for release in the UK on September 20 featuring Sir Elton John, 'Poppy' the Druglord, Ginger Ale and all.Sir Elton John, with an injured director Matthew Vaughn, was driven down the orange carpet at the world premiere of "Kingsman: The Golden Circle" in London. The singer/songwriter's arrival making a big impact with fans and co-star Channing Tatum who attended with his wife. (SOUNDBITE) (English) ACTOR, CHANNING TATUM [RIGHT], JENNA DEWAN [LEFT] SAYING: CHANNING TATUM: "Oh my god, kidding me. I mean like, any time you get to just see him in person it's like you know seeing royalty [screams] and then it's over and you just think of it as a dream. You go: I think I saw Elton John." JENNA DEWAN : "I think I saw him too, I think he came in the best entrance I've ever seen possibly, that was really cool." In the film, Julianne Moore is villain and druglord 'Poppy', a character the actress said she loved playing. (SOUNDBITE) (English) ACTOR, JULIANNE MOORE, SAYING (talking about her character): "I like the fact that she was living in her own world of her own creation and she had no parameters on her behavior, that she had accomplished a lot and she amused me because she's a megalomaniac. That's always fun. It's always fun to play somebody like that." Halle Berry, who plays 'Ginger Ale' in the latest 'Kingsman' film compared the orange carpet to her experience of being in a James Bond film. (SOUNDBITE) (English) ACTORS, HALLE BERRY, SAYING: "You know we had a royal premiere so that involved the Queen, I think that's what made it feel a little bit different, but it was just as fabulous as this." 'Kingsman: The Golden Circle' touches on the morality of drug use and the criminalization of banned substances, an issue director Matthew Vaughn said should be discussed. (SOUNDBITE) (English) DIRECTOR, MATTHEW VAUGHN, SAYING: "Prohibition of drugs isn't working and therefore why don't we figure out a way of doing it that if there's going to be drugs in this world it can be done in a way that people don't necessarily have to get hurt by it, and maybe we can make money out of it. I don't know, I don't know the answer but I think that's a proper debate," he said. Colin Firth, Taron Egerton and Pedro Pascal also attended the world premiere. 'Kingsman: The Golden Circle" is set for release in the UK on September 20 featuring Sir Elton John, 'Poppy' the Druglord, Ginger Ale and all.--------------------------------------------------------------http://www.reuters.com/news/picture/today-in-sports-idJPRTX3HAX1Oakland Athletics catcher Bruce Maxwell is checked on by the trainer after he is hit by a foul ball in the ninth inning against the Detroit Tigers at Comerica Park.
Mandatory Credit: Rick Osentoski-USA TODAY SportsOakland Athletics catcher Bruce Maxwell is checked on by the trainer after he is hit by a foul ball in the ninth inning against the Detroit Tigers at Comerica Park. Mandatory Credit: Rick Osentoski-USA TODAY Sports--------------------------------------------------------------http://www.reuters.com/article/businessNews/idLTAKCN1BW1LR-OUSLB--------------------------------------------------------------http://www.reuters.com/article/businessNews/idITKCN1BW1BY-OITBS--------------------------------------------------------------http://www.reuters.com/article/sportsNews/idARAKCN1BW1U3--------------------------------------------------------------http://jp.reuters.com/news/picture/mexico-reels-after-devastating-earthquak-idJPRTX3H895A woman hugs a casket holding the body of a victim who died along with others, after the roof of a church collmoreA woman hugs a casket holding the body of a victim who died along with others, after the roof of a church collapsed, in Atzala, on the outskirts of Puebla.
REUTERS/Imelda MedinaCloseA woman hugs a casket holding the body of a victim who died along with others, after the roof of a church collmore

A woman hugs a casket holding the body of a victim who died along with others, after the roof of a church collapsed, in Atzala, on the outskirts of Puebla. REUTERS/Imelda Medina

Close--------------------------------------------------------------http://www.reuters.com/article/worldNews/idARAKCN1BW1N3--------------------------------------------------------------http://www.reuters.com/article/uk-northkorea-missiles/south-korea-approves-aid-to-north-korea-north-calls-trump-barking-dog-idUKKCN1BW096Meeting separately with his South Korean counterpart, Kang Kyung-wha, Wang reiterated a call for South Korea to remove the U.S.-built THAAD anti-missile system, which China says is a threat to its own security.
“China hopes South Korea will make efforts to reduce tension,” a report on China’s official Xinhua news agency quoted Wang as saying.
The decision to send aid to North Korea was not popular in South Korea, hitting President Moon Jae-in’s approval rating.
DOG BARKINGSouth Korea’s efforts aimed at fresh aid for North Korea dragged down Moon’s approval rating.
North Korea’s Foreign Minister Ri Yong Ho called Trump’s comments “the sound of a dog barking”.FILE PHOTO: North Korean Foreign Minister Ri Yong-ho walks as he exits after a courtesy call with Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte for the 50th ASEAN Foreign Ministers’ Meeting at the Philippine International Convention Center in Pasay city, metro Manila, Philippines August 8, 2017. REUTERS/Romeo Ranoco

SEOUL (Reuters) - South Korea approved a plan on Thursday to send $8 million worth of aid to North Korea, as China warned the crisis on the Korean peninsula was getting more serious by the day and the war of words between Pyongyang and Washington continued.

North Korea’s foreign minister likened U.S. President Donald Trump to a “barking dog” on Thursday, after Trump warned he would “totally destroy” the North if it threatened the United States and its allies.

Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi said the situation on the Korean peninsula was getting more serious by the day and could not be allowed to spin out of control.

“We call on all parties to be calmer than calm and not let the situation escalate out of control,” Wang said, according to a report from the state-run China News Service on Thursday.

Meeting separately with his South Korean counterpart, Kang Kyung-wha, Wang reiterated a call for South Korea to remove the U.S.-built THAAD anti-missile system, which China says is a threat to its own security.

“China hopes South Korea will make efforts to reduce tension,” a report on China’s official Xinhua news agency quoted Wang as saying.

The decision to send aid to North Korea was not popular in South Korea, hitting President Moon Jae-in’s approval rating. It also raised concerns in Japan and the United States, and followed new U.N. sanctions against North Korea over its sixth nuclear test earlier this month.

The South’s Unification Ministry said its aid policy remained unaffected by geopolitical tensions with the North. The exact timing of when the aid would be sent, as well as its size, would be confirmed later, the ministry said in a statement.

The South said it aimed to send $4.5 million worth of nutritional products for children and pregnant women through the World Food Programme and $3.5 million worth of vaccines and medicinal treatments through UNICEF.

“We have consistently said we would pursue humanitarian aid for North Korea in consideration of the poor conditions children and pregnant women are in there, apart from political issues,” said Unification Minister Cho Myong-gyon.

UNICEF’s regional director for East Asia and the Pacific Karin Hulshof said in a statement before the decision the problems North Korean children face “are all too real”.

“Today, we estimate that around 200,000 children are affected by acute malnutrition, heightening their risk of death and increasing rates of stunting,” Hulshof said.

“Food and essential medicines and equipment to treat young children are in short supply,” she said.

The last time the South had sent aid to the North was in December 2015 through the United Nations Population Fund (UNFPA) under ex-president Park Geun-hye.

DOG BARKING

South Korea’s efforts aimed at fresh aid for North Korea dragged down Moon’s approval rating. Realmeter, a South Korean polling organization, said on Thursday Moon’s approval rating stood at 65.7 percent, weakening for a fourth straight month.

Although the approval rate is still high, those surveyed said Moon had fallen out of favor due to North Korea’s continued provocations and the government’s decision to consider sending aid to North Korea, Realmeter said.

Moon will meet Japan’s Prime Minister Shinzo Abe and Trump later on Thursday on the sidelines of the U.N. General Assembly, where North Korea was expected to be the core agenda item.

In an address on Tuesday, Trump escalated his standoff with North Korea over its nuclear challenge, threatening to “totally destroy” the country of 26 million people if the North threatened the United States and its allies.

Trump also mocked its leader, Kim Jong Un, calling him a “rocket man”.

North Korea’s Foreign Minister Ri Yong Ho called Trump’s comments “the sound of a dog barking”.

“There is a saying that goes: ‘Even when dogs bark, the parade goes on’,” Ri said in televised remarks to reporters in front of a hotel near the U.N. headquarters in New York.

“If (Trump) was thinking about surprising us with dog-barking sounds then he is clearly dreaming,” he said.

Asked by reporters what he thought of Trump calling North Korean leader Kim Jong Un “rocket man”, Ri quipped: “I feel sorry for his aides.”

North Korea conducted its sixth and largest nuclear test on Sept. 3 and has launched numerous missiles this year, including two intercontinental ballistic missiles and two other rockets that flew over Japan.

Such provocations have sparked strong disapproval from the international community, especially from the United States and Japan.--------------------------------------------------------------http://www.reuters.com/video/2017/09/19/helicopter-mistakenly-fires-on-parked-ve?videoId=372564894&videoChannel=118169A military helicopter on a training exercise in western Russia mistakenly fired rockets at a group of parked vehicles, knocking at least one person to the ground, footage posted by Russian news sites and on social media showed.
A man in civilian clothes who had been standing close to the truck was engulfed in a cloud of dust.
Russia is currently staging the "Zapad 2017" war games in the area, major exercises on NATO's eastern flank that were inspected on Monday (September 18) by Russian President Vladimir Putin.
The Russian Defence Ministry's western military district, in a statement cited by Interfax news agency, said that during a training exercise a helicopter's targeting system had mistakenly acquired a target, but denied anyone had been injured.
The representative cited by Interfax did not say when the incident happened, or where, or if the exercise was part of the "Zapad-2017" war games.ROUGH CUT. NO REPORTER NARRATION. A military helicopter on a training exercise in western Russia mistakenly fired rockets at a group of parked vehicles, knocking at least one person to the ground, footage posted by Russian news sites and on social media showed. A man in civilian clothes who had been standing close to the truck was engulfed in a cloud of dust. The person filming the clip, who was slightly further away, could be seen sprawled on the ground. Independent news site Fontanka.ru said one of the people was left with concussion but did not give details on the source of the video. Russia is currently staging the "Zapad 2017" war games in the area, major exercises on NATO's eastern flank that were inspected on Monday (September 18) by Russian President Vladimir Putin. A second video from the same location, which was posted on social media showed the aftermath, including a smashed window in a white jeep nearest to the truck, and shrapnel damage to the military truck. Reuters could not independently verify the videos. The Russian Defence Ministry's western military district, in a statement cited by Interfax news agency, said that during a training exercise a helicopter's targeting system had mistakenly acquired a target, but denied anyone had been injured. The representative cited by Interfax did not say when the incident happened, or where, or if the exercise was part of the "Zapad-2017" war games.--------------------------------------------------------------http://www.reuters.com/article/us-usa-economy-unemployment/u-s-jobless-claims-fall-hurricanes-still-affecting-data-idUSKCN1BW1Q8?feedType=RSS&amp;feedName=businessNewsClaims in Texas surged in the wake of Harvey, which disrupted oil, natural gas and petrochemicals production, leaving some workers temporarily unemployed.
It was the 133rd straight week that claims remained below the 300,000 threshold, which is associated with a robust labor market.
That is the longest such stretch since 1970, when the labor market was smaller.
The four-week moving average of claims rose 28,250 between the August and September survey periods, suggesting a further slowdown in job growth.
The survey’s employment index fell to a reading of 6.6, but has remained positive for 10 consecutive months.FILE PHOTO: A man looks over employment opportunities at a jobs center in San Francisco, California, U.S, February 4, 2010. REUTERS/Robert Galbraith/File Photo

WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The number of Americans filing for unemployment benefits unexpectedly fell last week, but the near-term outlook for the labor market was muddied by the continuing impact of Hurricanes Harvey and Irma.

Other data on Thursday showed manufacturing activity in the mid-Atlantic region accelerated in September amid a surge in new orders. But hiring by factories slowed and employees worked fewer hours this month compared to August.

Initial claims for state unemployment benefits declined 23,000 to a seasonally adjusted 259,000 for the week ended Sept. 16, the Labor Department said. A Labor Department official said Harvey and Irma affected claims for Texas and Florida.

Unadjusted claims for Texas fell 23,549 last week, the second straight weekly drop. Claims in Texas surged in the wake of Harvey, which disrupted oil, natural gas and petrochemicals production, leaving some workers temporarily unemployed.

Unadjusted claims for Florida rose 5,133 last week. In addition, the Labor Department estimated claims for South Carolina and the Virgin Islands last week.

Economists had forecast claims rising to 300,000 in the latest week. It was the 133rd straight week that claims remained below the 300,000 threshold, which is associated with a robust labor market. That is the longest such stretch since 1970, when the labor market was smaller.

The four-week moving average of claims, considered a better measure of labor market trends as it irons out week-to-week volatility, rose 6,000 to 268,750 last week.

Prices of U.S. Treasuries pared gains after the data and the dollar was .DXY weaker against a basket of currencies. U.S. stock index futures were trading lower.

The claims data covered the survey period for the non-farm payrolls portion of September’s employment report. There are fears the disruption caused by Harvey and Irma could restrain job growth in September. Texas and Florida account for about 14 percent of U.S. employment.

Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen told reporters on Wednesday that “payroll employment may be substantially affected in September” by the storms, but she added that she expected labor market conditions would strengthen somewhat further out.

Yellen made the comments after the U.S. central bank left interest rates unchanged but signaled it still anticipated one more rate increase by the end of the year.

The four-week moving average of claims rose 28,250 between the August and September survey periods, suggesting a further slowdown in job growth. The economy added 156,000 jobs in August, with the private services sector hiring the smallest number of workers in five months.

In a separate report on Thursday, the Philadelphia Fed said its manufacturing activity index for the mid-Atlantic region increased about 5 points to a reading of 23.8 in September. It said almost 39 percent of the firms indicated increases in activity this month while 15 percent reported a decrease.

Firms reported a jump in new orders. The survey’s employment index fell to a reading of 6.6, but has remained positive for 10 consecutive months. A measure of the average workweek dropped to a reading of 11.9 from 18.8 in August.--------------------------------------------------------------http://in.reuters.com/article/iran-politics-nuclear-deal/iran-nuclear-deal-cannot-be-renegotiated-rouhani-idINKCN1BW1OOIran's President Hassan Rouhani delivers remarks at a news conference during the United Nations General Assembly in New York City, U.S. September 20, 2017.
Under the 2015 deal, Iran agreed to limit its disputed nuclear program in return for the easing of economic sanctions.
U.S. President Donald Trump called the deal an “embarrassment” during his first speech at the United Nations on Tuesday.
“There was some discussion by some people that the nuclear deal isn’t very bad but shouldn’t stay as it is.
“They were told clearly and definitively (by us) that the nuclear deal cannot be renegotiated,” he told a press conference in Tehran broadcast live on state television after his return from the U.N. General Assembly.Iran's President Hassan Rouhani delivers remarks at a news conference during the United Nations General Assembly in New York City, U.S. September 20, 2017. REUTERS/Stephanie Keith/Files

BEIRUT (Reuters) - Iran’s president said on Thursday its nuclear accord with world powers cannot be renegotiated, after the Trump administration warned it was weighing whether the deal signed by its predecessor served U.S. security interests.

Under the 2015 deal, Iran agreed to limit its disputed nuclear program in return for the easing of economic sanctions. U.S. President Donald Trump called the deal an “embarrassment” during his first speech at the United Nations on Tuesday.

“There was some discussion by some people that the nuclear deal isn’t very bad but shouldn’t stay as it is. (That) it’s a deal that’s good but we should sit down again and debate to see if it can be improved. If it has flaws we can fix them,” Iranian President Hassan Rouhani said.

“They were told clearly and definitively (by us) that the nuclear deal cannot be renegotiated,” he told a press conference in Tehran broadcast live on state television after his return from the U.N. General Assembly.

Trump told reporters this week he had made a decision on what to do about the agreement, approved by his predecessor Barack Obama along with leaders of Russia, China, Britain, France and Germany, but would not say what he had decided.

However, although Trump does not like the deal, his speech to the United Nations on Tuesday did not mean Washington would withdraw from the pact, Nikki Haley, U.S. Ambassador to the U.N., said on Wednesday.

The prospect of Washington reneging on the deal has worried some of the U.S. allies that helped negotiate it, especially as the world grapples with another nuclear crisis, North Korea’s nuclear and ballistic missile development.

If Trump does not certify next month that Iran is complying with the accord, the U.S. Congress will have 60 days to decide whether to reimpose sanctions waived under the deal. U.N. inspectors have verified Iranian compliance with the terms.

In contrast with Obama’s policy of detente with Iran after decades of mutual hostility, Trump called Iran “a corrupt dictatorship” on Tuesday and accused it of supporting terrorism and destabilising the Middle East.

“(Trump) made big mistakes in this speech,” Rouhani said. “There were baseless and unfounded accusations. It wasn’t worthy of the United Nations or an individual who sees himself as the president of a country.”

Iranian Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, the highest authority in the Islamic Republic, also criticised Trump during a meeting Thursday with the Assembly of Experts, a body tasked with choosing the next Supreme Leader.

“This speech was not a sign of power but rather a sign of anger, frustration and stupidity,” Khamenei said, according to a report on his official website.

In recent months, tensions have ramped up between Iran and the United States in the Gulf, with both sides accusing each other of provocative naval manoeuvres.--------------------------------------------------------------http://www.reuters.com/news/picture/mexico-reels-after-devastating-earthquak-idINRTX3H895A woman hugs a casket holding the body of a victim who died along with others, after the roof of a church collapsed, in Atzala, on the outskirts of Puebla.
REUTERS/Imelda MedinaA woman hugs a casket holding the body of a victim who died along with others, after the roof of a church collapsed, in Atzala, on the outskirts of Puebla. REUTERS/Imelda Medina--------------------------------------------------------------http://jp.reuters.com/article/wallace-merkel-idJPKCN1BW09U--------------------------------------------------------------https://www.reuters.tv/v/VTu/2017/09/21/google-to-buy-htc-s-pixel-smartphone-teamThe Taiwanese electronics maker, HTC, confirming that Google is buying out the team behind its pixel smartphone division.
The latest step in the US giant's mission to bolster its hardware business.
Reuters Kane Wu is following the story.>> By acquiring HTC's pixel mobile maker team, Google made a second foray into the phone hardware space.
That's got some experts wondering why Google is keen on a hardware maker that's past its prime.
So by selling the smartphone business, they can now refocus more on the VR business.Transcript

>> A billion dollar transpacific tech deal announced on Thursday. The Taiwanese electronics maker, HTC, confirming that Google is buying out the team behind its pixel smartphone division. The latest step in the US giant's mission to bolster its hardware business. Reuters Kane Wu is following the story.>> By acquiring HTC's pixel mobile maker team, Google made a second foray into the phone hardware space.

Which it has been trying to do with the acquisition of Motorola in 2012, which ended up in a disaster. So I think for Google, it is time for them to prove again that they can be competitive in the phone making market. And at the same time, everybody is taking about Apple's latest products being flashy and trendsetting.

And Google is trying to basically get into that space and crack a market share out of that.>> The two companies are long-time partners. Though, while HTC once sold one in ten smartphones globally, its market share has dropped steeply in recent years. That's got some experts wondering why Google is keen on a hardware maker that's past its prime.

For HTC, though, it could be a chance to focus on the future, namely virtual reality.>> They're trying to develop more into the virtual reality segment, which is probably the future of the world, as a lot of analysts have pointed out. So by selling the smartphone business, they can now refocus more on the VR business.

And then I think by betting that, they're betting on the future.>> The $2 billion global VR business is still just getting off the ground. But by cutting it focus on phones and prioritizing it's VIVE headsets, some say HTC is making a bold, but sensible, move>> A powerful ally like Google's parent company, Alphabet, which is also pushing into VR software, could also be invaluable in staving off rivals like Facebook and Sony.--------------------------------------------------------------http://www.reuters.com/article/entertainmentNews/idESKCN1BU0L2-OESENCyber RiskDistrustful U.S. allies force NSA to back down in encryption fightCyber Risk

Distrustful U.S. allies force NSA to back down in encryption fight--------------------------------------------------------------http://www.reuters.com/article/sportsNews/idFRMT1IDAT0000ATW-OFRSPCyber RiskDistrustful U.S. allies force NSA to back down in encryption fightCyber Risk

Distrustful U.S. allies force NSA to back down in encryption fight--------------------------------------------------------------http://jp.reuters.com/article/northkorea-missiles-russia-idJPKCN1BW0VG--------------------------------------------------------------http://jp.reuters.com/article/trump-un-speech-idJPKCN1BV0HM--------------------------------------------------------------http://www.reuters.com/article/apple-watch/apple-concedes-new-watch-has-connectivity-glitch-idINKCN1BV2OWSeveral prominent reviewers said Wednesday they could not recommend the device because of a wifi glitch that causes cellular connectivity problems.
The Watch Series 3 starts at $399 and was launched alongside new iPhone models.
Unlike previous versions of the watch, it has cellular network connectivity built in.
Apple said the watch can experience LTE connectivity problems when it connects to open wi-fi networks such as at a hotel or a coffee shop.
FILE PHOTO: Apple CEO Tim Cook speaks about the Apple Watch during an Apple event at the Flint Center in Cupertino, California, U.S. September 9, 2014.(Reuters) - Apple Inc on Wednesday conceded its latest smartwatch unveiled a week ago has problems with its most important feature: the ability to make phone calls and access data without an iPhone nearby.

Several prominent reviewers said Wednesday they could not recommend the device because of a wifi glitch that causes cellular connectivity problems.

The Watch Series 3 starts at $399 and was launched alongside new iPhone models. Unlike previous versions of the watch, it has cellular network connectivity built in.

Apple said the watch can experience LTE connectivity problems when it connects to open wi-fi networks such as at a hotel or a coffee shop.

The company is “investigating a fix for a future software release,” Apple spokeswoman Amy Bessette told Reuters.

Many reviewers such as the New York Times praised the new features and gave generally positive assessments.

But other prominent publications, including the Wall Street Journal and The Verge, recommended against purchasing the new model because the LTE cellular data connectivity did not work as expected.

FILE PHOTO: Apple CEO Tim Cook speaks about the Apple Watch during an Apple event at the Flint Center in Cupertino, California, U.S. September 9, 2014. REUTERS/Stephen Lam/File Photo

The mixed reviews weighed on Apple shares, which closed down about 1.7 percent at $156.07.

"Considering that my Apple Watch Series 3 with LTE (both first and second review units) didn't function like it was supposed to, I can't recommend buying it — and paying the monthly cell fee — based on promises," Verge reviewer Lauren Goode wrote. (bit.ly/2fj8Jiy)

Apart from connection issues, some reviewers were disappointed with the drain on the watch’s battery while making calls. Apple had touted up to 18 hours of battery life but said the watch would get only one hour on a cellular phone call.

Gene Munster, a longtime Apple analyst with Loup Ventures, doubted issues with the Series 3 Watch would hurt Apple’s bottom line. “That review takeaway is a negative but is not a surprise. This is the first generation watch with LTE,” he told Reuters.

Bob O‘Donnell, an analyst with Techanlysis Research, said the watch reviews, paired with reviews of the iPhone 8 that were generally positive but described the phone as an incremental improvement on its predecessor, put more pressure on the iPhone X to garner good press before its Nov. 3 launch.

Apple also experienced hiccups with iOS 11, the new operating system the firm released Tuesday.

For business users, iOS 11’s Mail application had problems sending mail for Microsoft Exchange and Outlook.com mail accounts.

(The story fixes typographical error in paragraph 1)--------------------------------------------------------------http://www.reuters.com/video/2017/09/21/google-to-pay-11-billion-for-htc-pixel-d?videoId=372583151&videoChannel=5A billion dollar trans-Pacific tech deal announced on Thursday - the Taiwanese electronice maker HTC confirming that Google is buying up the team behind its Pixel smartphone division - the latest step in the U.S. giant's mission to bolster its hardware business.
(SOUNDBITE) (Mandarin) HTC CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER AND SPOKESPERSON, PETER SHEN, SAYING: "Google is recruiting those members of HTC that were involved in producing the Pixel smartphone to join Google.
In addition, HTC also grants its intellectual property to be used by Google under a non-exclusive license."
The 2 billion dollar global VR industry is still just getting off the ground.
The 1-point-1 billion dollar cash deal is expected to close by early 2018.A billion dollar trans-Pacific tech deal announced on Thursday - the Taiwanese electronice maker HTC confirming that Google is buying up the team behind its Pixel smartphone division - the latest step in the U.S. giant's mission to bolster its hardware business. (SOUNDBITE) (Mandarin) HTC CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER AND SPOKESPERSON, PETER SHEN, SAYING: "Google is recruiting those members of HTC that were involved in producing the Pixel smartphone to join Google. In addition, HTC also grants its intellectual property to be used by Google under a non-exclusive license." The two companies are long-time partners Though while HTC once sold one in ten smartphones globally its market share has dropped steeply in recent years. That's got some experts wondering why Google is keen on a hardware maket that's past it's prime. For HTC though - it could be a chance to focus on the future - Namely, vistual reality. The 2 billion dollar global VR industry is still just getting off the ground. but by cutting its focus on phones and prioritising its Vive headsets - some say HTC is making a bold but sensible move. A powerful ally like Google's parent company Alphabet - which is also pushing into VR software -could also be invaluable in staving off rivals like Facebook and Sony. HTC shares were put on a trading halt ahead of Thursday's announcement. The 1-point-1 billion dollar cash deal is expected to close by early 2018.--------------------------------------------------------------http://www.reuters.com/article/topNews/idESKCN1BW0MQ-OESTP--------------------------------------------------------------http://www.reuters.com/article/sportsNews/idESKCN1BW0UE-OESSP--------------------------------------------------------------http://www.reuters.com/article/us-iran-politics-nuclear-deal/iran-nuclear-deal-cannot-be-renegotiated-rouhani-idUSKCN1BW1NMIranian President Hassan Rouhani addresses the 72nd United Nations General Assembly at U.N. headquarters in New York, U.S., September 20, 2017.
Under the 2015 deal, Iran agreed to limit its disputed nuclear program in return for the easing of economic sanctions.
U.S. President Donald Trump called the deal an “embarrassment” during his first speech at the United Nations on Tuesday.
“There was some discussion by some people that the nuclear deal isn’t very bad but shouldn’t stay as it is.
“They were told clearly and definitively (by us) that the nuclear deal cannot be renegotiated,” he told a press conference in Tehran broadcast live on state television after his return from the U.N. General Assembly.Iranian President Hassan Rouhani addresses the 72nd United Nations General Assembly at U.N. headquarters in New York, U.S., September 20, 2017. REUTERS/Shannon Stapleton

BEIRUT (Reuters) - Iran’s president said on Thursday its nuclear accord with world powers cannot be renegotiated, after the Trump administration warned it was weighing whether the deal signed by its predecessor served U.S. security interests.

Under the 2015 deal, Iran agreed to limit its disputed nuclear program in return for the easing of economic sanctions. U.S. President Donald Trump called the deal an “embarrassment” during his first speech at the United Nations on Tuesday.

“There was some discussion by some people that the nuclear deal isn’t very bad but shouldn’t stay as it is. (That) it’s a deal that’s good but we should sit down again and debate to see if it can be improved. If it has flaws we can fix them,” Iranian President Hassan Rouhani said.

“They were told clearly and definitively (by us) that the nuclear deal cannot be renegotiated,” he told a press conference in Tehran broadcast live on state television after his return from the U.N. General Assembly.

Trump told reporters this week he had made a decision on what to do about the agreement, approved by his predecessor Barack Obama along with leaders of Russia, China, Britain, France and Germany, but would not say what he had decided.

However, although Trump does not like the deal, his speech to the United Nations on Tuesday did not mean Washington would withdraw from the pact, Nikki Haley, U.S. Ambassador to the U.N., said on Wednesday.

The prospect of Washington reneging on the deal has worried some of the U.S. allies that helped negotiate it, especially as the world grapples with another nuclear crisis, North Korea’s nuclear and ballistic missile development.

If Trump does not certify next month that Iran is complying with the accord, the U.S. Congress will have 60 days to decide whether to reimpose sanctions waived under the deal. U.N. inspectors have verified Iranian compliance with the terms.

In contrast with Obama’s policy of detente with Iran after decades of mutual hostility, Trump called Iran “a corrupt dictatorship” on Tuesday and accused it of supporting terrorism and destabilizing the Middle East.

“(Trump) made big mistakes in this speech,” Rouhani said. “There were baseless and unfounded accusations. It wasn’t worthy of the United Nations or an individual who sees himself as the president of a country.”

Iranian Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, the highest authority in the Islamic Republic, also criticized Trump during a meeting Thursday with the Assembly of Experts, a body tasked with choosing the next Supreme Leader.

“This speech was not a sign of power but rather a sign of anger, frustration and stupidity,” Khamenei said, according to a report on his official website.

In recent months, tensions have ramped up between Iran and the United States in the Gulf, with both sides accusing each other of provocative naval maneuvers.--------------------------------------------------------------http://www.reuters.com/article/us-usa-immigration-lawsuit/california-sues-trump-administration-over-border-wall-idUSKCN1BV1NQ?feedType=RSS&amp;feedName=politicsNewsAttorney General of California Xavier Becerra accompanied by San Diego City Councilmember David Alvarez walks along the U.S.-Mexico border at the Pacific Ocean after announcing a lawsuit against the Trump Administration over its plans to begin construction of border wall in San Diego and Imperial Counties, in San Diego, California, U.S., September 20, 2017.
Democrats in the U.S. Congress, however, firmly oppose the border wall, and at least some Democratic senators would need to vote for its inclusion in a spending package.
Attorney General of California Xavier Becerra walks along the U.S.-Mexico border at the Pacific Ocean after announcing a lawsuit against the Trump Administration over its plans to begin construction of border wall in San Diego and Imperial Counties, in San Diego, California, U.S., September 20, 2017.
REUTERS/Mike BlakeDemocratic attorneys general including California’s Xavier Becerra have sued the Trump administration on a range of issues.
The border wall lawsuit filed in a San Diego federal court alleges that Trump’s wall violates federal environmental standards, as well as constitutional provisions regarding the separation of powers and states’ rights.Attorney General of California Xavier Becerra accompanied by San Diego City Councilmember David Alvarez walks along the U.S.-Mexico border at the Pacific Ocean after announcing a lawsuit against the Trump Administration over its plans to begin construction of border wall in San Diego and Imperial Counties, in San Diego, California, U.S., September 20, 2017. REUTERS/Mike Blake

SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - California filed a lawsuit on Wednesday over the Trump administration’s plan to construct a wall along the border with Mexico, adding to the obstacles facing one of the Republican president’s key campaign promises.

President Donald Trump has insisted Mexico would pay for building the wall, which experts said could cost about $22 billion and take more than three years to complete.

With Mexico refusing to pay, Trump has said since taking office in January that the wall will initially need U.S. funding but that he will find a way to make Mexico ultimately pay for it.

Democrats in the U.S. Congress, however, firmly oppose the border wall, and at least some Democratic senators would need to vote for its inclusion in a spending package.

Attorney General of California Xavier Becerra walks along the U.S.-Mexico border at the Pacific Ocean after announcing a lawsuit against the Trump Administration over its plans to begin construction of border wall in San Diego and Imperial Counties, in San Diego, California, U.S., September 20, 2017. REUTERS/Mike Blake

Democratic attorneys general including California’s Xavier Becerra have sued the Trump administration on a range of issues.

The border wall lawsuit filed in a San Diego federal court alleges that Trump’s wall violates federal environmental standards, as well as constitutional provisions regarding the separation of powers and states’ rights.

Slideshow (10 Images)

Representatives for the U.S. Justice Department declined to immediately comment on the case.

The lawsuit asks a judge to stop the administration from building the wall until it demonstrates compliance with environmental laws, and issue an order that the Department of Homeland Security cannot waive any federal guidelines in order to facilitate the project.

Last month the Trump administration said it had selected four construction companies to build concrete prototypes for a wall, which will be will be 30 feet (9 meters) tall and about 30 feet wide and will be tested in San Diego.--------------------------------------------------------------http://uk.reuters.com/article/us-health-aids-medicines-exclusive/exclusive-africa-to-get-state-of-art-hiv-drugs-for-75-a-year-idUKKCN1BW169As well as improving treatment, the drug combination should also reduce the need for more expensive second- and third-line drugs.
REUTERS/Darrin Zammit Lupi/File PhotoThat represents remarkable progress in the past 20 years, driven by the availability of a first wave of cheap generic drugs from Indian companies.
In six out of 11 countries surveyed recently in Africa, Asia and Latin America, researchers found that more than 10 percent of HIV patients starting antiretroviral drugs had a strain of HIV resistant to the most widely-used medicines.
Clinical trials have shown that treatment regimens including dolutegravir work faster, have fewer side effects and demonstrate greater potency against drug resistance than standard HIV drugs used in Africa and other poor countries.
In Western markets, makers of patented AIDS drugs, such as GSK and arch-rival Gilead Sciences (GILD.O), notch up billions of dollars of highly profitable sales each year.LONDON (Reuters) - Makers of generic AIDS drugs will start churning out millions of pills for Africa containing a state-of-the-art medicine widely used in rich countries, after securing a multi-million dollar guarantee that caps prices at just $75 per patient a year.

Global health experts hope the deal will help address two looming problems in the HIV epidemic - the rising threat of resistance developing to standard AIDS drugs, and the need for more investment in manufacturing capacity.

Bill Gates’ charitable foundation will guarantee minimum sales volumes of the new combination pills using dolutegravir, a so-called integrase inhibitor that avoids the drug resistance that often develops with older treatments.

In return the drugmakers, India-based Mylan Laboratories (MYL.O) and Aurobindo Pharma (ARBN.NS), will agree the maximum price of about $75 per patient for a year’s supply - less than the list price for one day’s supply of a dolutegravir combination in the United States.

The agreement, which will make the treatment available to 92 poor countries, starting in Africa, will be formally announced during the United Nations General Assembly in New York on Thursday.

“We need to make that guarantee because (of) the fixed costs of everybody gearing up to make high volume,” Gates told Reuters in a telephone interview. “That just wasn’t going to happen unless we put forward a very substantial volume guarantee.”

The Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation’s pledge is a central plank of a new partnership - the largest of its kind in global health - that also includes the governments of South Africa and Kenya, the Clinton Health Access Initiative, and American, British and U.N. agencies.

Under the deal, Mylan and Aurobindo will ramp up availability of a new fixed-dose combination of tenofovir disoproxil fumarate, lamivudine and dolutegravir (TLD).

Health ministries and other public sector purchasers will be able to buy TLD from next year at the capped price. The agreement could potentially save them more than $1 billion in drug bills over the next six years, the partners estimate.

As well as improving treatment, the drug combination should also reduce the need for more expensive second- and third-line drugs.

TREATMENT AND RESISTANCE

Around 37 million people around the world are infected with HIV, according to the United Nations AIDS agency UNAIDS. Just over half of them - about 19.5 million patients - get antiretroviral therapy medicines to keep their disease in check.

FILE PHOTO: Justina Kabuli and her 12-year-old son Andrew, both HIV-positive, remove weeds from their field of sweet potato crops during a visit by a home-based care team to their home in Chiyobola village, close to the town of Chikuni in the south of Zambia February 21, 2015. REUTERS/Darrin Zammit Lupi/File Photo

That represents remarkable progress in the past 20 years, driven by the availability of a first wave of cheap generic drugs from Indian companies. But rising levels of drug resistance are now a growing concern, while low prices have cut the incentive for investment in generic drug-making capacity.

In six out of 11 countries surveyed recently in Africa, Asia and Latin America, researchers found that more than 10 percent of HIV patients starting antiretroviral drugs had a strain of HIV resistant to the most widely-used medicines.

Once the 10 percent threshold is reached, best practice calls for switching to different drug regimens.

Dolutegravir is already being used on a limited basis as a single drug in Kenya, Nigeria, and Uganda.

The drug was originally developed by ViiV Healthcare, the HIV business majority-owned by GlaxoSmithKline (GSK.L). ViiV has offered licensing deals to generic companies to sell low-cost versions of the medicine in poor countries.

Clinical trials have shown that treatment regimens including dolutegravir work faster, have fewer side effects and demonstrate greater potency against drug resistance than standard HIV drugs used in Africa and other poor countries.

The TLD combination pill developed by Mylan and Aurobindo has already received tentative approval from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration under the President’s Emergency Plan for AIDS Relief program.

In Western markets, makers of patented AIDS drugs, such as GSK and arch-rival Gilead Sciences (GILD.O), notch up billions of dollars of highly profitable sales each year.

But the picture is very different for low-price generic companies in India, which have very low margins.

“The market is always on the edge where these guys don’t make enough money to stay in the business,” said Gates.

With the HIV-positive population still growing - there were an estimated 1.8 million new cases of infection in 2016 - the number of patients needing treatment is steadily increasing.

Industry experts like Johnson & Johnson (JNJ.N) Chief Scientific Officer Paul Stoffels question the feasibility of maintaining lifelong treatment for a patient population that could reach 50 million.

“The people who are infected today will need therapy for the next 30 to 50 years, so the science of treatment has to evolve and the science of prevention has to evolve as well to stop the pool of patients growing,” he told Reuters in a recent interview.--------------------------------------------------------------http://widerimage.reuters.com/story/japans-mercury-poison-victims-fight-to-be-heardThe waste contained a toxic organic compound, methylmercury, which can cause severe damage to the brain and nervous system, leading to a condition called Minamata disease.
A caretaker gives food to congenital Minamata disease patient Yuji Kaneko who was born in Minamata in 1955 and all of his family members are certified as Minamata disease patients.
Supporters for plaintiffs demanding to be certificated as Minamata disease patients carry legal documents before their trial.
Just 528 people survive from among the 3,000 certified victims of Minamata disease, environment ministry data shows.
JNC Corporation was established in 2011 and its proceeds help pay for compensation of certified Minamata disease patients, Sixty-one years since Minamata disease was identified in 1956, the grim struggles have eased for only a few.Advertisement

Shinobu Sakamoto was just 15 when she left her home in the southern Japanese fishing village of Minamata to go to Stockholm and tell the world of the horrors of mercury poisoning.

Forty-five years on, she is travelling again, this time to Geneva, to attend from Sunday a gathering of signatories to the first global pact to rein in mercury pollution.

Sakamoto is one of a shrinking group of survivors from a 1950s industrial disaster in which tens of thousands of people were poisoned after waste water from a chemical plant seeped into the Minamata bay.

An engineer from the National Institute for Minamata Disease collects samples of seawater from Minamata Bay to test for mercury content in Eco Park, an area once polluted by mercury-containing wastewater and later turned into a massive landfill. The waste contained a toxic organic compound, methylmercury, which can cause severe damage to the brain and nervous system, leading to a condition called Minamata disease. It gives its name to the U.N.-backed treaty that took effect last month.

A caretaker gives food to congenital Minamata disease patient Yuji Kaneko who was born in Minamata in 1955 and all of his family members are certified as Minamata disease patients. Symptoms worsen with age, leaving some victims grappling with the question of who will care for them after the death of siblings and parents, while others face legal disputes.

Sakamoto speaks to middle school students about the Minamata disease. "If I don't say something, no one will know about Minamata disease," said Sakamoto, who is one of the few born with the disease who is still able to talk. "There are still so many problems, and I want people to know."

Supporters for plaintiffs demanding to be certificated as Minamata disease patients carry legal documents before their trial. Just 528 people survive from among the 3,000 certified victims of Minamata disease, environment ministry data shows. More than 20,000 people have sought to be designated victims, hoping for legal compensation. "We need to take seriously the fact that there are still many people raising their hands," said ministry official Koji Sasaki, referring to victims' efforts to win recognition.

Born in a family of shipbuilders whose home overlooks the Minamata bay, Jitsuko Tanaka, 64, used to play on the beach with her older sister, picking and eating shellfish, unaware it was contaminated with mercury. She was almost three, and her sister five, when they lost the ability to move their hands freely and walk properly, becoming the first to be identified as disease sufferers. Tanaka's older sister died at age eight. Tanaka survived, but the poisoning left her too weak to walk without support. A few years ago, her family says, even that became impossible.

Minamata Bay is seen from the window. As she lay motionless in bed, her brother-in-law, a fellow sufferer, said he worried about the patients left behind when family members die. "After I die, who will take care of her?" asked Yoshio Shimoda, 69.

JNC Corporation was established in 2011 and its proceeds help pay for compensation of certified Minamata disease patients, Sixty-one years since Minamata disease was identified in 1956, the grim struggles have eased for only a few. Before the government named methylmercury as its cause in 1968, disease sufferers faced discrimination over fears it was contagious, which deterred many from seeking legal recognition.

People still send in decades-old umbilical cords to be checked for contamination, hoping for evidence to support their claims to be designated as victims, said Hirokatsu Akagi, director of Minamata's International Mercury Laboratory.

A decades-old umbilical cord. Sakamoto, poisoned while still in the womb, considers it her duty to tell the world about the dangers of mercury. "Minamata disease isn't over; it's not a thing of the past."--------------------------------------------------------------http://www.reuters.com/article/businessNews/idARAKCN1BW14D--------------------------------------------------------------http://www.reuters.com/article/technologyNews/idFRKCN1BW1AP-OFRINLe groupe sud-coréen SK Hynix, qui appartient au consortium mené par Bain, a indiqué que les discussions se poursuivaient.
Des sources proches du dossier ont confirmé que les membres du consortium s‘opposaient sur certains détails et que Toshiba devait obtenir toutes les lettres d‘engagement afin que la vente soit officiellement signée.
Le consortium soutenu par le groupe américain lorgnait également la filiale de Toshiba.
Dans ce contexte, le titre Toshiba a terminé en baisse de 1,59% à la Bourse de Tokyo.
Et les plus grands acteurs dans ce domaine sont Samsung et Western Digital, pas (son nouveau partenaire) SK Hynix.”TOKYO (Reuters) - Les membres du consortium emmené par le fonds de capital investissement Bain Capital discutent encore de “questions clés” du rachat de la division mémoires de Toshiba, ce qui pourrait retarder la signature officielle de la vente.

Le conglomérat japonais a annoncé dans la nuit de mardi à mercredi (heure du Japon) avoir donné son accord pour céder sa division de semi-conducteurs pour une valeur d‘environ 2.000 milliards de yens (15 milliards d‘euros). L‘accord devait être formalisé jeudi.

Le groupe sud-coréen SK Hynix, qui appartient au consortium mené par Bain, a indiqué que les discussions se poursuivaient. Des sources proches du dossier ont confirmé que les membres du consortium s‘opposaient sur certains détails et que Toshiba devait obtenir toutes les lettres d‘engagement afin que la vente soit officiellement signée.

“Il y a encore certaines questions clés qui figurent dans le texte approuvé par le conseil d‘administration de Toshiba”, a indiqué l‘entreprise sud-coréenne, précisant qu‘il allait poursuivre les discussions.

Ni Toshiba, ni Bain, n‘ont répondu aux sollicitations de Reuters.

Ajoutant à l‘incertitude, Western Digital a annoncé avoir déposé mercredi un recours contre Toshiba pour avoir décidé unilatéralement d‘investir dans une nouvelle ligne de production de mémoires dans l‘usine qu‘ils exploitent conjointement au Japon.

Le consortium soutenu par le groupe américain lorgnait également la filiale de Toshiba.

Dans ce contexte, le titre Toshiba a terminé en baisse de 1,59% à la Bourse de Tokyo.

DE NOMBREUSES INCONNUES

Bain, allié au sud-coréen SK Hynix, a convaincu des grands groupes technologiques comme Apple et Dell de le rejoindre pour renforcer son offre.

Mais de nombreuses inconnues demeurent, dont l‘issue de l‘enquête des autorités antitrust et celle de la bataille avec Western Digital.

On ignore quand ce combat juridique s‘achèvera et quel impact il aura sur la finalisation de la vente.

Certains observateurs estiment également que la participation de SK Hynix pourrait prolonger les enquêtes des autorités de la concurrence, notamment en Chine, qui cherche à développer ses propres groupes de semi-conducteurs.

SK Hynix veut se limiter à un rôle financier mais on ignore s‘il espère obtenir à plus long terme une participation dans cette division mémoires.

“Il est évident pour tout le monde que cet accord avec Bain va avoir du mal à passer”, déclare Akira Minamikawa, analyste chez IHS Markit.

Les fabricants de mémoires Nand, Samsung Electronics en tête, se livrent à une guerre des prix féroce, à laquelle la Chine va probablement s‘inviter.

“Pour survivre, Toshiba doit se concentrer sur les systèmes de stockage pour serveurs plutôt que sur la vente de simples puces mémoires. Et les plus grands acteurs dans ce domaine sont Samsung et Western Digital, pas (son nouveau partenaire) SK Hynix.”--------------------------------------------------------------http://www.reuters.com/article/topNews/idBRKCN1BW1GI-OBRTP--------------------------------------------------------------http://www.reuters.com/article/uk-thyssenkrupp-tata-steel-breakingviews/breakingviews-tata-steel-jv-pays-thyssenkrupp-four-dividends-idUSKCN1BV189LONDON (Reuters Breakingviews) - ThyssenKrupp Chief Executive Heinrich Hiesinger is finally getting real on steel.
The historic joint venture with Indian rival Tata Steel unshackles it from a fickle, capital-intensive business which for years has been struggling to earn its cost of capital.
Hiesinger will transfer pension and other liabilities worth 4 billion euros to the joint venture.
The joint venture will cut about 4,000 jobs, equally shared between the two partners.
With steel and its pension obligations out of the way, it will be even harder to justify ThyssenKrupp’s eclectic structure.LONDON (Reuters Breakingviews) - ThyssenKrupp Chief Executive Heinrich Hiesinger is finally getting real on steel. More than two centuries after Friedrich Krupp started making cast steel in Germany’s Ruhr region, the industrial group is backing out of the industry. The historic joint venture with Indian rival Tata Steel unshackles it from a fickle, capital-intensive business which for years has been struggling to earn its cost of capital. It can pay ThyssenKrupp dividends on four levels.

The new company, in which both companies will own a 50 percent stake, will be in a better position to benefit from consolidation. It expects to cut costs by 400 to 600 million euros a year, mainly by slashing back office expenses, optimising distribution and squeezing suppliers. At the mid-point of that range those synergies, taxed at 30 percent and capitalised, are worth 3 billion euros in today’s money – after deducting the 500 million euros or so that will have to be spent to realise the savings. Half of that belongs to ThyssenKrupp.

The German group’s flimsy balance sheet also benefits. Hiesinger will transfer pension and other liabilities worth 4 billion euros to the joint venture. Moreover, its equity stake in the business is likely to be worth around 6 billion euros, according to a person familiar with the matter, more than the 5 billion euros in capital the group currently has tied up in the business. ThyssenKrupp can also book around half the net present value of the synergies as equity. Though no cash is changing hands, the group’s financial position will improve.

Workers will also fare better than if the two companies had continued to operate separately. The joint venture will cut about 4,000 jobs, equally shared between the two partners. Earlier this year, the IG Metall union warned that ThyssenKrupp’s standalone restructuring plan would shed the same number of jobs at the German group alone.

Much can still go wrong. The two sides have not yet started due diligence. Antitrust watchdogs still have to approve the deal, as does ThyssenKrupp’s supervisory board, where workers control half of the seats.

If everything goes as planned, Hiesinger‘s task will not be complete. With steel and its pension obligations out of the way, it will be even harder to justify ThyssenKrupp’s eclectic structure. The case for keeping elevators, submarines, plant engineering and auto parts under one roof has yet to be made.--------------------------------------------------------------http://www.reuters.com/article/ecb-policy-draghi-idCNL4S1M24TD--------------------------------------------------------------http://www.reuters.com/video/2017/09/19/dems-among-those-arrested-at-trump-tower?videoId=372570734&videoChannel=118169&channelName=Editors%27+PicksDemonstrators shutting down 5th Avenue in New York on Tuesday, protesting at Trump Tower against President Donald Trump's immigration policies.
The Trump administration is in the process of ending the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program, which protects nearly 800,000 young people from deportation.
And while Trump has been negotiating with top congressional Democratic leaders on possible legislation, protesters say they want to see policy.
We want to see actual policy that is going to help all these young people that are going to potentially lose their status."
Trump is due to stay at Trump Tower Tuesday evening, though he was not there for the protest."If we don't get it, shut it down." Demonstrators shutting down 5th Avenue in New York on Tuesday, protesting at Trump Tower against President Donald Trump's immigration policies. The police intervening at one point, arresting at least 10 protesters, including Democratic Congressmen Luis Gutierrez of Illinois and Raul Grijalva of Arizona, among others. The Trump administration is in the process of ending the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program, which protects nearly 800,000 young people from deportation. And while Trump has been negotiating with top congressional Democratic leaders on possible legislation, protesters say they want to see policy. (SOUNDBITE) (English) LUBA CORTES, MAKE THE ROAD NEW YORK, SAYING: "We've heard some conversations coming from the White House with Senator Schumer. But we want to see action not just conversation. We want to see actual policy that is going to help all these young people that are going to potentially lose their status." Trump is due to stay at Trump Tower Tuesday evening, though he was not there for the protest.--------------------------------------------------------------http://www.reuters.com/article/us-northkorea-missiles-usa/trump-to-make-north-korea-sanctions-announcement-not-on-oil-official-idUSKCN1BW1ZZ?il=0U.S. President Donald Trump is seen in a video shown to immigrants attending a naturalisation ceremony to become new U.S. citizens in Los Angeles, California, U.S., September 20, 2017.
REUTERS/Lucy NicholsonNEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump said the United States will add more sanctions against North Korea on Thursday, as U.S. allies have called for enforcing international sanctions as the best way to get Pyongyang to give up its nuclear weapons program.
Tensions have risen in recent weeks over North Korea’s nuclear and ballistic missile tests, despite intense pressure from world powers.
A senior administration official told Reuters earlier the announcement would be sanctions-related but would not target oil.
On Tuesday, Trump said in his speech to the U.N. that he would “totally destroy” North Korea if threatened and mocked its leader Kim Jong Un as a “rocket man” for his repeated ballistic missile tests.U.S. President Donald Trump is seen in a video shown to immigrants attending a naturalisation ceremony to become new U.S. citizens in Los Angeles, California, U.S., September 20, 2017. REUTERS/Lucy Nicholson

NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump said the United States will add more sanctions against North Korea on Thursday, as U.S. allies have called for enforcing international sanctions as the best way to get Pyongyang to give up its nuclear weapons program.

Tensions have risen in recent weeks over North Korea’s nuclear and ballistic missile tests, despite intense pressure from world powers.

“We will be putting more sanctions on North Korea,” Trump said in response to a question at a meeting with Afghan president Ashraf Ghani in New York on the sidelines of the annual gathering of world leaders at the United Nations General Assembly.

A senior administration official told Reuters earlier the announcement would be sanctions-related but would not target oil.

U.S. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin will hold a news briefing at 3 p.m. (1900 GMT) and U.N. ambassador Nikki Haley will brief the news media at 4:30 p.m. (2030 GMT), the White House said.

On Tuesday, Trump said in his speech to the U.N. that he would “totally destroy” North Korea if threatened and mocked its leader Kim Jong Un as a “rocket man” for his repeated ballistic missile tests.--------------------------------------------------------------http://www.reuters.com/video/2017/09/20/apple-watch-fails-to-wow-reviewers-stock?videoId=372576364&amp;feedType=VideoRSS&amp;feedName=Business&amp;videoChannel=5Apple stock dropped about two percent Wednesday after reports came out that its new watch had connectivity and battery issues.Apple stock dropped about two percent Wednesday after reports came out that its new watch had connectivity and battery issues.--------------------------------------------------------------http://www.reuters.com/article/businessNews/idRUKCN1BW1O4-ORUBS--------------------------------------------------------------http://www.reuters.com/article/column-jp-snap-election-investors-idJPKCN1BV16ZCyber RiskDistrustful U.S. allies force NSA to back down in encryption fightCyber Risk

Distrustful U.S. allies force NSA to back down in encryption fight--------------------------------------------------------------http://www.reuters.com/video/2017/09/21/exclusive-africa-to-get-state-of-art-hiv?videoId=372581879&videoChannel=1&channelName=Top+NewsA new deal will see two companies provide state-of-the-art AIDS drugs to poor African countries at just $75 per patient for a year's supply.A new deal will see two companies provide state-of-the-art AIDS drugs to poor African countries at just $75 per patient for a year's supply.--------------------------------------------------------------http://www.reuters.com/article/topNews/idARAKCN1BW16T--------------------------------------------------------------http://www.reuters.com/article/us-eurozone-economy-consumersentiment/euro-zone-consumer-confidence-rises-by-more-than-expected-in-september-idUSKCN1BW1Y3FILE PHOTO: A picture illustration of Euro banknotes taken in central Bosnian town of Zenica, April 26, 2014.
REUTERS/Dado Ruvic /File PhotoBRUSSELS (Reuters) - Euro zone consumer confidence rose by more than expected in September, the European Commission said in its flash estimate on Thursday.
The European Commission said confidence among consumers in the 19 countries sharing the euro currency rose to -1.2 from -1.5 in August.
The Commission’s flash estimate gave no details on why consumers were more optimistic.
For European Commission data click on:hereFILE PHOTO: A picture illustration of Euro banknotes taken in central Bosnian town of Zenica, April 26, 2014. REUTERS/Dado Ruvic /File Photo

BRUSSELS (Reuters) - Euro zone consumer confidence rose by more than expected in September, the European Commission said in its flash estimate on Thursday.

The European Commission said confidence among consumers in the 19 countries sharing the euro currency rose to -1.2 from -1.5 in August. Analysts had expected the indicator to remain unchanged from its August reading.

In the European Union as a whole, consumer sentiment increased by 0.8 points to -1.5 in September.

The Commission’s flash estimate gave no details on why consumers were more optimistic.

For European Commission data click on:

here